######
Video ID: F1fBsUms8JE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1fBsUms8JE
Title: CMMC 1.0 Control PE.L1-3.10.3 - Escort visitors and monitor visitor activity
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control pe.l
2-3.10.3 escort visitors and monitor
visitor activity a challenging thing in
most offices

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it okay while this one seems pretty
intuitive I think the reality is that
most organizations today still do not do
a good job of monitoring the activity of
those people who are visitors that come
on site let's be honest you're just too
comfortable right so we want to make you
a little bit less comfortable you're
going to be doing business that is
defense related work okay National
Security level stuff you may not think
that you are you may not think that what
you do is so important but I promise
it's a big deal so yes your private
company and make may think to yourself
yeah we just make widgets here or
nothing to see here nobody would be
interested in me but hey I can tell you
have any level of success all right
enough to be even doing the Defense work
there are people including foreign
agents and competitors that would love
to know exactly how you operate and what
you're up to if you have a visitor in
the parking lot uh in the building
rather escort them at all times anything
short of doing that is a pretty big risk
for a lot of things from slip and fall
injuries to data exfiltration such as
what we were trying to prevent with
these standards okay just if you don't
have an eyeball on them crazy stuff
happens okay let's see what the assessor
is looking for on this one so we can get
a little more specific on what you got
to do uh first assessment Point
determine if visitors are escorted uh
again obviously we want to make sure
that our whole team is educated that if
they're bringing a visit in the building
that visitor's got to be basically duct
tape to their side when they're in the
building okay if we were to give an
answer this we would say hey it's
implemented per the it use and cyber
security policy all visitors are
escorted at all times while within the
secure facility now second assessment
Point determine if visitor activity is
monitored all visitor activity is
monitored by the visitors escort per the
itu since cyber security policy so
here's a big hint ding we use policies
to dictate this Behavior you're going to
need those policies because that's how
you're going to prove to an assessor
what it is your people are doing so if
you don't have a policy that talks about
how to handle visitors it's time to
write one if you want to write one
because it takes a whole bunch of time
and you don't know how to write policies
here's the good news give us a call and
when we help our clients with compliance
and are done for you format we actually
just simply deliver all the policies and
standard operating procedures complete
really done for you so if policy is a
thorn in your side we've got the answer
now at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfars nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day and we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon so they have more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you and that's what we want
to help you with looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance nerds
roll it out again we're putting these
videos out here every day all day long
every week there's always something new
when it comes to compliance especially
in in this year uh you know with so many
sort of changes in Evolutions with cmmc
you really want to get some new
up-to-date source of information and we
are that for you okay until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you want to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

foreign

all right

######
Video ID: H-IbW4XGWZc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-IbW4XGWZc
Title: CMMC 2 0 Control AC.L2-3.1.14： Control Remote Access Through Managed Points
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frer here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week today we're talking about cmmc
control acl2
d314 route remote access via managed
access control points you know whatever
those

are so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and
alone depressed
and sad trying to understand all this
cmmc def fars and nist SP sp800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
crushing workload I've got good news
great news in fact it says great news
right there not good news it's better
than good it's great I got great news
you found your home here at on call
compliance solution we can help you
transform into your company's on call
compliance hero and make compliance suck
less that's what we do let's jump into
it so so in cmmc control ac.
l231 14 route remote access via managed
access control points is all about
controlling traffic right got the
traffic controllers out trying to bring
some planes in trying to get some planes
out that's what we're doing and also
having it documented for the purpose of
compliance system architecture
considerations like best practices Etc
when they say managed access control
points an example of what in the world
they're talking about is uh things like
refer referring to routing external
traffic through a firewall uh or a VPN
or a wireless access point in order to
manage and control the traffic along
with verifying the identity uh and then
logging what they are doing through your
seam solution uh and you know if you're
not familiar with the seam solution it's
a security information and event
management system that's what they're
doing now if I'm an assessor and I'm
looking at this control I'm trying to
figure out if you're compliant there's
two points I'm looking at Point number
one determine if managed access control
points are identified and implemented
so what would I do for a sample answer I
would say managed access control points
are identified as VPN and secure
verified access to the Azure government
environment access control is
implemented via active directory and MFA
so again just depends on what systems
you're using if you're using Office 365
gcci there's an answer in there for you
if you got on Prem there an answer in
there for you you might even bring up
firewalls and vpns and things like that
uh but again the the the idea is are
they implemented yes are they identified
we also might look at our Network
documentation are they identified on a
network diagram or cui flow control all
of those things are very important now
second thing I would assess for
determine if remote access is routed
through manag network access control
points so maybe we say no remote access
is possible without being routed through
the organization's VPN a all right can't
get to the cui unless we're routing
through that managed Access Control
point of the VPN or maybe if you got
Office 365 GCC High we're looking at
Azure government access including
requirements to for ad or active
directory and multiactor authentication
so again lots of ways to determine if
the remote access is actually routed
through those manage access control
points now if you're a defense
contractor and you're struggling to
figure this out we can help because at
on call we work with defense contractors
just like you like you the guy that's
watching this video or the girl that's
watching this video yeah we work with
people just like you who have had this
defar nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day and we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant You Are Not Alone
our compliance EXP are always on call
for you you can visit cmmc
compliance.com or check out the bio
below for links to get help right now if
you love the content we're putting out
here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliance nerds roll it out until
the next compliance tip my friends stay
safe out there and secure and hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to learn more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and I'll see you on the next
one
w

######
Video ID: NXhCYW6gunQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXhCYW6gunQ
Title: CMMC 2 0 Controls AC.L2-3.1.8 ｜ Limit Unsuccessful Logon Attempts
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back I bet you didn't think I'd be
back but I'm here with another
compliance tip of the week this week
we're talking about cmmc control
ac.l2-3.1.8 those nist it'll be just
1.1.8 but it's cmmc so it's ac.l
2-3.1.8 there limit unsuccessful logon
attempts let's get into it

okay
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero
and even though I just said let's get
into it let's get into it again because
jumping in with both feet is exactly
what we got to do all right so now we
get into some of the first controls with
cmfc that are directly addressing
policies and procedures which must be
implemented in order to achieve the
minimum security Baseline they're
looking for the goal of cmfc control
ac.l2-3.1.8 is limit unsuccessful logout
attempts is to force you into making
sure that there's a group policy in
place or some policy in place to force a
limit on unsuccessful logons
and ultimately stop Brute Force attacks
that is when an attacker begins trying
millions of passwords to try to randomly
figure out what will work and as you may
or may not know automated Brute Force
attacks are one of the most common and
successful hacks out there and when you
give an enemy millions of chances to
attack you without locking them out
they're gonna get in eventually
guaranteed
now if I if I was assessing this control
all right if I was your assessor if I
was your father Luke I am your father
I would say hey two things I gotta find
out one determine if the means of
limiting unsuccessful logon attempts is
defined so if I was going to answer that
all right I'd say this is defined within
Group Policy right there's a limit of
five unsuccessful logons before the
account is locked out boom there's your
documentation that's how we determine it
there's a group policy there now
assessment Point number two determine if
the defined means of limiting
unsuccessful logon attempts is
implemented well is the policy enabled
and maybe would answer it by saying
implemented via the group policy right
see the network documentation to see
that that policy is enabled and linked
and with that if you don't know anything
about group policy or you're trying to
figure this out or honestly you're just
tired of doing this stuff and you wish
someone would just do it for you the
good news is that on call that's exactly
what we do we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfar's nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
CMC complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us with a
big thumbs up on that like button or
even better smash the Subscribe button
to get the latest compliance content as
soon as we roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friend stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: c9gMeZh-OhY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9gMeZh-OhY
Title: CMMC 2-0 Control SI.L1-3.14.2 - Provide protection from malicious code at designated locations withi
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
si.l1-3.14.2 provide protection from
malicious code at designated locations
within organizational systems

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone frustrated sad
and you're just down in the dumps
I can understand why because if you're
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist sp80171 compliance stuff and
you've got this massive workload on you
and the world is coming down and
crushing you
well
I've got great news because you have
found your home here in on-call
compliance Solutions with us where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
Don the cape and jump into action baby
uh I love this control all right late in
the SSO or SSP uh it's nice to have a
few controls that are just plain easy to
answer right a little breath of fresh
air if you will in this case what we're
asking for is evidence of where you have
malicious code detection here's two of
the most obvious and you might even
possibly have some more but anti-virus
on the computers and servers is one and
another is likely going to be your
firewall as most firewalls these days
that are at least business class have an
integrated anti-virus and malicious code
scanning component to them again we
highly uh encourage businesses handling
cui to invest some good money in the
right firewall as is a huge protection
mechanism to the organization can't find
an affordable or right size fit firewall
give us a call we're happy to help we've
deployed thousands of firewalls have a
lot of experience our team is always
happy to share or even have us manage
the firewalls for you again we're full
service but you know if you've just got
a question about a firewall and
compliance call us up hit us up no not
there's no charge we never charge for
our first phone call like we're not like
that call us up we're just out here
trying to help you guys stay safe and if
you decide you want us to manage your
stuff or you want to buy a firewall from
us cool we can handle that too whatever
you guys need we're here for you to help
protect our country all right let's see
what the assessors are looking for on
this one
you're looking for one determine if
designated locations for malicious code
protection are identified uh again if
this was implemented we'd say hey
they're identified within the SSP and
system Baseline configuration and
network inventory documentation
second assessment Point determinative
protection for malicious code at
designated locations is provided is it
provided once identified two is provided
uh again we're going to say hey it's
implemented via the organizational
firewalls and endpoint Management
Solutions and again you know maybe we're
even blocking off a further step with a
secure data environment or something
like that so again pretty easy to answer
this one like I said it's an easy
control and late in the game it's kind
of nice to have that once in a while now
uh if you still have 108 controls left
to go after this one then the good news
is at on-call we can cut that 6 to 18
months worth of work down into about two
to three days for most companies we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day baby
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliances your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com
and you know if you've been watching our
videos forever and you haven't actually
gone to that website you gotta go all
right and you know what if you want to
find out exactly how we help our clients
in two to three days if you want to see
our exact process all you got to do go
to that website CMC complianceeekers.com
check out the menu somewhere on one of
those menus there's basically this free
training two to three days and we'll
literally walk you through every single
step of our process it's brilliant it's
super easy uh and again it's a live
presentation so we do it a bunch of
times every week and it's just the
coolest thing to sit through because
it'll give you a way better idea of how
this should be done and it'll even tell
you a little bit about our story which I
think is a really cool story so visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now and if you love the content
we're putting out there for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button we're even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance starts roll it out I until
the next supplies tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there and hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and I'll see you on the next
one

foreign

######
Video ID: XMtHRJRCKOs
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMtHRJRCKOs
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.10： Secure Data with Pattern-hiding Lock
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

ac.l2.3.1.10 use session lock with
pattern hiding displays to prevent
access and viewing of data after period
of inactivity

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you've
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in
cmmccontrolac.l
2-3.1.10 sounds like a secret code to
get into a Speak Easy uh we're made
we're mandated to make sure that if
someone else might somehow be viewing
our screen while typing in a password
that they could not easily view what our
password might be great example of this
is your shoulder surfing that is someone
is walking by and grabs your password
while you're typing it in uh or even in
a screen sharing session right you gotta
type in a password to help the tech
support representative in regards to
Define period of inactivity piece this
is easily accomplished with login
timeouts and screen lock timeouts after
a certain number of minutes of
inactivity which course would indicate
perhaps nobody's really sitting at the
keyboard anymore that's how you would
get it done
now if I was assessing you there are
three points that I have to assess you
based off of first I've got to determine
if the period of inactivity after which
the system initiates a session lock is
defined now what's the answer to that if
I was giving a sample answer I would
definitely notate the screen lock
timeout policy maybe you want to set the
five minute three minutes maybe it needs
to be 15 minutes whatever it may be a
screen lock timeout policy will
definitely turn help you to lock them
out after that period of inactivity
make sure a password is required Point
number two I'm going to assess you on
determine if access to the system and
viewing of data is prevented by
initiating a session lock after the
defined period of inactivity
and if we were to give an answer that we
might say yes policy is enforced and
demonstrated and linked right we want to
make sure that group policy we mentioned
above is actually enforced and the final
third assessment point is I would
determine if previously visible
information is concealed via a pattern
hiding display after the defined period
of activity again I would say yes it is
after a screen lock occurs typing in a
password will result in character input
being massed that's those little dots
that show up when you type in your
password that's the masking and hey uh
if you are struggling figuring this
stuff out you're not alone I promise
you're not alone okay like literally
hundreds of calls a day and on call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dfars nist itar
and cmfc compliance stuff dropped in
their lap like a single on a sunny day
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
becoming that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance.com
Com or check out the bio below for links
to get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out there for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance service roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friend stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: nZAFX68aY_Q
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZAFX68aY_Q
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.11： Automatic Termination of User Sessions
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control ac.l
2-3.1.11 terminate automatically of
course a user session after a defined
condition

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got good news for you
you've found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's go so in
cmmc control

ac.l2-3.1.11 terminate automatically a
user session after a defined condition
we are looking into further safeguarding
our systems from some kind of hijack
scenario a few examples here you get up
to use the bathroom right so everybody's
got to go nature calls once in a while
uh and a malevolent evil user walks by
your computer and sits down and begins
to use it and access cui oh
uh another example is VPN connections
VPN connections should terminate after a
certain number of minutes of inactivity
for essentially the same reason we don't
want an unauthorized connection to sort
of hang out there forever because
eventually a bad guy or unknown remote
attacker could gain access to that
session uh to not just your own local
system but also the remote system if the
VPN were to be left on and believe it or
not that is actually pretty common right
so an attacker gets control your
computer they hang out in silence you go
trigger your VPN into your company or
your data center and then all of a
sudden you know you walk away shut down
the computer whatever you think it's
gone but then the remote attacker kind
of comes into in the morning they wake
the computer back up or they're on the
computer and the VPN connection is still
there which means they can still get
into the main Network pretty pretty
frightening especially if they use the
key logger or a packet sniffer I won't
go there but that's kind of how it's
done all right so what are the assessors
looking for and how do we solve for all
this uh they're looking for two points
on this one number one they want to
determine if conditions requiring a user
session to terminate are defined now the
easy answer here is it's defined via
group policy and it's enforced that's
one way to do it but also you might have
to look at your firewall as well because
you've also got VPN policies you've got
all kinds of different potential areas
that this policy could exist and again
you just want to generally make sure
that that it has been defined somewhere
could also be a written policy by the
way but more than likely it's going to
be a policy like Group Policy now second
assessment Point determine if a user
session is automatically terminated
after any of the defined conditions
occur yes after 30 minutes of vital time
or 45 minutes of vital time or five
minutes of idle time it doesn't really
matter but you do have to Define it and
you have to dictate what those
conditions are and what is the condition
so it's idle time that's usually the
most common one now the good news is
that we are here to help with that kind
of thing so if you're a defense
contractor and you're trying to figure
out all of this dfar's nist itar cmmc
compliance stuff and it was just dropped
in your lap like a seagull on a sunny
day well the good news is we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that is what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance
service roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: t-Od_4tOS4U
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-Od_4tOS4U
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.12： Monitor & Control Remote Access Sessions
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control ac.l
2-3.1.12. monitoring control remote
access sessions

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all this cmmc
defars and nist SP 800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmmc control

ac.l2-3.1.12 monitoring control remote
access sessions we are first declaring
if remote access sessions are allowed
then figuring out what's allowed then
learning about how they are controlled
and finally figuring out if they are
monitored this is a control which is a
little different than past controls in
that it has a progressive assessment
Cadence where each assessment Point goes
a little bit more in depth than the last
one let's take a look at the assessment
points and here's some sample answers so
four assessment points on this one first
one is determine if remote access
sessions are permitted so obviously you
know it's more of an answer simple
answer it's gonna be yes but you're
probably going to have to show an
assessor this is actually happening now
second one is determine if the types of
permitted remote access are identified
so obviously there's a lot of different
types of remote access to make a really
simple excuse me example what we'll do
is we'll just say yes and then we'll say
let's say the organization's got a VPN
right so we'll Define hey it's a VPN
maybe we'll show them the firewall we'll
actually let them see hey yep there's a
VPN right here here's the settings
third piece determine if remote access
sessions are controlled yes we're doing
it by VPN and let's say that I don't
know we've got it LinkedIn through
active directory and the active
directory accounts and permissions uh
along with maybe MFA are what is
controlling whether or not someone gets
access boom it's control show a
demonstration of that
now fourth assessment Point determine if
remote access sessions are monitored
now we have a little different answer so
obviously we're going to say yes VPN
etcetera remote access sessions are
monitored by the same solution right our
security information event management
firewall monitoring as well is important
and hopefully they're tied together and
periodically during risk assessments
right so during risk assessments we want
to assess and make sure these sessions
are still being monitored that's how I'd
answer it if it was me and of course uh
if you're looking for more help on this
stuff we are your source so an on-call
we work with defense contractors just
like you who've had this dfar's nist
itar and cmmc compliance stuff dropped
in their lap like a seal on a sunny day
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you and if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc complianceecrets.com
that's cmmc compliance secrets dot com
where we give away all the secrets to
getting compliant fast and easy or check
out the bio below for links to help get
help right now if you love the content
we're putting out there for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button you know we love seeing that
really tells us we're doing the right
thing here and even better smash that
subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
complianceers roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: T2IJ9s3NZG0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2IJ9s3NZG0
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.13： Secure Remote Access Sessions Cryptographically
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with Hong Kong compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol
ac.l2-3.1.13 employee cryptographic
mechanisms to protect the
confidentiality of remote access
sessions I don't know maybe they use
some cryptography to come up with these
control numbers because they sure are
complicated let's get into it

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist sp-800 171 compliant
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got some great news
for you you've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance hero so in
cmmc control AC dot
l2-3.1.13 I feel like I could wrap that
employ cry cryptographic mechanisms to
protect the confidentiality remotes
access sessions what we are doing is
making sure that any kind of remote
access session is protected from attacks
like packet sniffing attacks okay if
you're not familiar with what that means
there are programs out there that can
essentially listen to Network traffic
and put it back together and decode it
just by being on the same network as you
are what can be sniffed in that session
well when if traffic isn't encrypted
basically anything if it's encrypted
you're good to go usually obviously
that's not acceptable when we were
talking about defense related
information in cui and of course
passwords into your system none of which
should be set via clear text they should
all be encrypted now if I'm an assessor
there are two assessment points on this
control that I'm looking for number one
I'm looking to determine if
cryptographic mechanisms to protect the
confidentiality of remote access
sessions are identified so again have I
identified what kind of encryption is in
play here if I was going to give an
example we'll throw out an example like
this cryptographic mechanisms include
256-bit AES fips 140-2 compliant
encryption required on the VPN
connection right because that's where
we're going to protect it is the VPN
connection defining and documenting
right
now second assessment Point determine if
cryptographic mechanisms to protect the
confidentiality of remote access
sessions are implemented and of course
simplest answer is well yes of course
they are they're implemented via the
firewall settings and you can just log
in the firewall settings do a little
shoulder surfing a little screen sharing
a little
show and tell and see that it's
implemented right there in the settings
now and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seal on a sunny day baby and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins that's what I
get excited about I hope you do too
that's what becoming an on-call
compliance here on working with us can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now
just do it right now just like scroll
down right hit the little down arrow
thing there and there's our link you can
click that and you're like one step
closer to getting help if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
thank you

foreign

######
Video ID: VZU1nA1v6pQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZU1nA1v6pQ
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.15： Authorize Remote Commands, Access Security Info
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control ac.l
2-3.1.15 bet you never guessed that from
the description of the video authorize
remote execution of privilege commands
and remote access to security relevant
information

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who is feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
deep fars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news the
best news
bigly good news you found your home here
at on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
get into it so in cmfc control ac.l
2-3.1.15 authorize remote execution of
privilege commands and remote access to
security relevant information it is
mandated that virtually anything related
to a privileged account or command in
this case a command example installing a
piece of software that requires
administrator permissions to install is
actually authorized documented permitted
and logged this specific control
emphasizes the remote nature of that
execution as generally speaking most
serious attacks happen remotely so let's
jump into specifically what it is that
they're going to assess you on and the
kind of answers they're looking for
so four major assessment points on this
one first we're going to determine if
privileged commands authorized for
remote execution are identified so have
you identified them somehow now a couple
ways you can do it you can obviously do
in a written policy another thing is
there's probably some group policy that
you can Implement to Define them or
another option is you could say yes that
they've been identified in the seam
solution right because your seam
Solutions can identify uh what all is
being executed as well so lots of places
you can identify this now assessment
Point number two determine if security
relevant information authorized to be
accessed remotely is identified uh so
again we say yes
determined by file system excuse me
permissions ACLS and system access
capabilities uh so again yes the answer
is it is identified and these are the
ways that we identify them assessment
Point number three determine if the
execution of the identified privilege
commands via remote access is authorized
uh-oh getting a little more specific
here so what authorizes it well Group
Policy uh so if I was given a sample
answer Group Policy prohibits the
execution of privileged commands via
remote access for non-privileged users
right because you have a group policy
saying probably that only admins can
install software things like that the
same solution then logs all privilege
commands executions which are authorized
so again your seam solution you're going
to be able to hit the authorization that
way too
um and again that's not actually how
they're authorized but you certainly log
that they were authorized when they
executed and things like that assessment
Point number four determine if access to
the identified security relevant
information via remote access is
authorized uh so again sample answer
here is only those users who are
authorized to access security relevant
information and authorize for remote
access May perform this function so
again you probably have to give a
demonstration of that with your system
to show them that a standard user just
simply can't log in and do those
activities now uh if you're looking for
help with this I have good news for you
all right and on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff just dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day all
right we teach you how to level up and
be a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
right that's what we love those higher
profit margins I know what you're
thinking right now you're like but Mike
it's government work margins are low and
you know what I'm thinking I'm thinking
you're silly you hire us because I will
teach you how to change your life now
that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you at least
my team will looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get to help
you get compliant right now yes links
that will help you right now some kind
of links maybe they're malicious but
you've got something to protect yourself
don't you I'm just kidding I'd never put
a malicious Link in here anyway if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you or all of my incredibly awesome
YouTube gaffs help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button
because there's super cool super secret
stuff that we release all the time and
it's not really all that secret because
if you're subscribed then you know it
but if you're not subscribed it'll be a
secret until you search YouTube for my
beautiful shining face or just help with
cmmc which is what we do until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

######
Video ID: 5ADXgZq6G0I
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ADXgZq6G0I
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.16： Pre-approve Wireless Access for Connections
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

ac.l2-3-1.16 you got that right
authorized wireless access prior to
allowing such connections

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp80171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you've
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmmc control

ac.l2-3.1.16 authorized wireless access
prior to allowing such connections what
does this mean what does it mean well it
means no open wireless networks are
allowed you have to have a password
token Etc but you just can't have open
wireless networks all right we're
talking about cui here even if you have
a big giant secure building that
controls mandate that authentication is
required let's check out what the ask
what the assessors are looking for and
how to make them happy on this one
so if I'm an assessor the first thing
I'm looking for is one determine if
wireless access points are identified
are they of course they are right
there's an SSID wireless network
controller system identifies all
wireless access points including both
authorized and unauthorized that's a
good sample answer so who knows maybe
you're using a ubiquity system or a
Cisco system and that system's
identifying the wireless access points
might also be good if you've got
something to detect Rogue access points
as well now the second thing that
they're looking for is determining if
wireless access is authorized prior to
allowing such Connections in other words
did somebody or something authorize you
to actually get that wireless access now
if I was going to create a sample answer
I might say something like no wireless
access is possible without authorization
via input of a secure password or maybe
a token or something like that
so uh and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to Landing more Defense
work with higher profit margins now
that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you because CMC compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us up in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

all right

######
Video ID: G_iJ825ifj0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_iJ825ifj0
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.17： Protect Wireless Access Using Authentication and Encryption
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control AC dot
l2-3.1.17 protect wireless access using
authentication and encryption

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist sp-800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmfc control ac.l2-3.1.17

elementop whatever protect wireless
access using authentication and
encryption so with this control there's
really a need to clarify that the
wireless protection and use has to be
password protected or some other method
of authentication in place and it needs
to be encrypted remember when it comes
to cui if encryption is the only way to
protect it in transit and it's for
wireless networks then you
well you know let's check out how the
assessor are what let's check out what
the assessors are looking for and how to
make them happy
talking about protecting wireless access
using authentication encryption uh
there's two points in which an assessor
will want to hit point number one
determine if wireless access to the
system is protected uh using
authentication so in other words are you
actually having someone authenticate
before they use the wireless network
right they can't get on without that uh
so we're going to give a sample answer
of authentication is required before
access is actually granted to wireless
networks right so I.E you've got a
secure token or a designated device that
you got from someone in management or
maybe just a wireless password but some
kind of authentication has to happen in
order for you to get access on that
wireless network now assessing Point
number two determine if wireless access
to the system is protected using
encryption so now we get told we can
have wireless open wireless networks
they have to be encrypted so we would
probably say something to the extent of
describing like what kind of wireless
security they have so it's not like
wireless access utilizes WPA2 encryption
and then again during an assessment you
know you're going to have to show so
your actual settings on your wireless
access points so definitely be prepared
for that so hey an on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and I
don't know about you but if the weather
looks good out there to me we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins and maybe we don't
make it suck so much now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance nerves
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one
thank you

######
Video ID: ZpOzVnPp6x4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpOzVnPp6x4
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.18： Control Connection of Mobile Devices
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control ac.l2 Dot Dash
dot dash dot dash 3.1.18 control
connections and mobile devices

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of the
cmmc dfars and nist SP 800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you've found your home here
at on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so in cmmc control
ac.l2-3.1.18 control connection of
mobile devices what we are trying to
figure out here is hey do you have
control over mobile devices and their
ability to connect to your system and
access cui obviously mobile devices can
represent a huge threat to information
security especially if they are hooked
up to a wireless network now let's check
out what the assessors are really
looking for and how to make them happy
now uh if I'm an assessor there are
three points that I'm looking to assess
on number one determine if mobile
devices that process store or transmit
cui are identified now if I gave a
sample answer maybe a sample answer
looks like something like this all
network devices which assess cui are
identified in active directory maybe
they're in active directory maybe
they're in InTune maybe they are in a
written inventory in the it office who
knows but somehow they've got to be
identified
then we want to determine if mobile
device connections are authorized
conditional so if I was to give a sample
answer uh conditional access policies
are in use in order to allow mobile
device access in addition only the CIO
uh or coo or someone in it is authorized
to set up MFA or multi-factor
authentication which tokenizes each
individual device to allow access now
there's a lot to unpack there I'm not
going to do in this video if you've got
questions reach out give us a call but
again the idea is to determine how uh
you know if if those mobile device
connections are actually authorized
right and there's a lot of different
ways a lot of different solutions in
fact on the market to do that now third
point is determine if mobile device
connections are monitored and logged all
right now we get the little tie in with
our seam system so if we give a sample
answer we would say hey look mobile
device connections are in fact monitored
and logged via the same solution or
security information event management so
again if you don't know what that is
reach out to us for help but we talk
about a lot throughout our videos
because it's a big piece of being
compliant and of course and on call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dfar's nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped in
their laps like a seagull on a sunny day
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins that's what
I'm talking about now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero
could do for you and that's what we
specialize in hey if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc complianceecrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance centers roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below and let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and I'll see you on the next
one

foreign

######
Video ID: gVK34hF7l1M
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVK34hF7l1M
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.19： Encrypt CUI on Mobile Devices and Platforms
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

ac.l2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile
devices and mobile Computing platforms

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions which is where we
help you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero and get this
stuff let's jump into it so in cmfcc
control ac.l
2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile devices
and mobile Computing platforms this is
another pretty clear-cut control which
sets a mandate for how mobile devices
must have data protected now the
interesting thing here is the question
what's a mobile device right it's not
really so clear-cut if you just read the
control to answer that we look at nist
definitions for mobile devices which
reference any Computing platform which
may store process or transmit data
particularly cui in this case which is
considered portable okay so this
includes just as just as a few relevant
examples laptops tablets mobile phones
Etc which are meant to be not in a fixed
position or a fixed place so yes tablets
and laptops as well as smartphones must
have encryption turned on if they will
store process or transmit cui I know
what you're thinking you're thinking all
right well look man if I work hard
enough I could probably make you know a
desktop computer portable and you're
right but we do have definitions from
this to help us out there so again it's
something that's meant to be portable
and again we just sort of use a little
bit of Common Sense there I think
that'll help us all out I mean let's be
honest when dealing with these controls
a little Common Sense goes a little a
long way all right let's check out what
the assessors are looking for and how to
make them happy so uh if I'm assessing
this control again there's two main
primary assessment points the first one
is determining if mobile devices and
mobile Computing platforms that process
store transmit cui are identified in
other words do you know what they are
are they somehow identified that these
are the mobile devices and we need to
keep track of these all right these need
to be protected in a special way if I
was giving you a sample answer I would
say hey mobile device are identified by
System naming convention right we can
name them so we can easily spot them in
active directory and Via Network
inventory documentation right we've got
that we've got things documented
and our Baseline configuration inventory
so we know what's portable or mobile and
we know what is not uh now the second
assessment Point uh determine if
encryption is employed to protect cui on
identified mobile devices and mobile
Computing platforms uh again if I was
giving a sample answer that I might say
something like hey encryption is
employed via I don't know maybe
BitLocker I think symante's got some
great products for encryption uh and
Group Policy enforces it right so maybe
we're enforcing a group policy maybe
you've got a third-party solution like
again I mentioned Symantec earlier
they've got some Drive encryption stuff
that can enforce it it's use within all
computers in the OU that has access to
cui so again in this particular sample
answer that I'm giving we're talking
about an organizational unit with an
active directory that's been designated
the cui organizational unit there's lots
of ways to segment information but
that's one of them so uh and on call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dfar's nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped into
their lap like a seagull on a sunny day
baby we teach you how to level up and be
a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
and that's what becoming an on-call
compliance Bureau can do for you if
you're looking for more help getting
compliant or just figure out what your
mobile devices are our compliance
experts are always on call for you you
can visit cmmccompliance secrets.com or
check out the bio below for links to get
help right now if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button it really helps us out Keeps Us
motivated here back at the home base all
right we're even better smash the
Subscribe button guys we get so excited
we get no subscribers it's like a dance
party in our Halls every day when that
happens all right smash the Subscribe
button get a compliance nerve to do a
little dance and we'll videotape it
we'll put it on do all right until the
next supplies tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: Y2kusBomDPU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2kusBomDPU
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.20： Verify, Control, and Limit External System Connections
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this time we're talking about
cmmc control

ac.l2-3.1.20 verify and control and
limit connections to and use of external
systems not internal but external I know
what's that

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you I'm
crazy and I make these videos no you
found your home here at on-call
compliant Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero and sometimes
make you laugh about a really boring
subject because compliance is so
exciting let's jump into it so in
cmmccontrol
ac.l1-3.1.20 verify and control limit
connections to and use of external
systems what they're looking for is for
you to demonstrate both an understanding
and an ability to control what your
users are actually connecting to on the
outside this control can definitely be a
challenging one to tackle because it's
so broad when you first look at it but
what we say what I say we do is this
let's check out what the assessors are
looking for on this one and how to make
them happy and I think the sample
answers in this case should shine some
light on everything for you now there's
a bunch of sample answers here and
hopefully I watched Sesame Street and I
can count it a lot because there's a lot
of assessment points very complicated
but I'm going to try to make it simple
so one two three four five six there are
six there's six this is four fingers
just in case you're ever wondered so I
have to use my other hand because
there's a hidden thumb back here and it
holds my pointer
four and two so I got six points we're
gonna talk about them all and we're
gonna tell you how an assessor would
look at this so
if I'm an assessor I am an assessor I'm
an assessment team member uh CCP
certified baby all right determine if
connections to external systems are
identified uh connections to external
systems are identified via again I just
give some random examples here right
like the organizational firewall your
seam Solutions you know if you don't
know that is go back and watch like 40
my other videos all right security
information event monitoring or
management uh solution endpoint
protection solution so again all of
these things act together uh to control
how you connect to external systems and
in some cases stop some of those
connections now assessment Point number
two determine if the use of external
systems is identified so if we're going
to identify how we do that well use of
external systems is identified via maybe
a seam solution right because you're
going to see exactly what's coming in is
it identified by IP address Mac address
it's going to show all that another way
that you could potentially answer that
is with firewall logs uh you know server
access logs lots and lots of options
there but again you have to show it you
have to show an assessor an example of
external systems being identified same
solution is probably your best bet
certainly an easy one
now the next one number one two three is
determinive can actually come on I got
like five and a half year old twins at
home I'm pretty good at by now right all
right comment below if you think that
was an awesome count count
all right it's not the wrong Sesame
Street I mean I'm like 40 years old I
I'm not gonna admit to really watching
Sesame Street on YouTube anyway
determinive connections to external
systems are verified connections to
external systems are verified by the
firewall and seam Solution that's a
pretty straightforward pretty easy
answer again that's what I would
demonstrate to an assessor via maybe
some shoulder surfing uh you know who
knows all right assessment Point number
four determine if the use of external
systems is verified all right ah now we
get a little bit more complex right if
we're going on to an external system is
there's some ability to verify uh that
we are actually you know going there
right so connections to external systems
are verified by the firewall right the
firewalls can usually authenticate
somehow or at least certainly do some
deep pack inspection and of course seam
Solutions going to also verify that
there was a successful external system
connection and verification there so
those are a couple of answers you could
certainly use different answers than
those lots and lots of ways to do that
but again those are a pretty simple way
to answer that
assessment Point number five determinive
connections to the external systems are
controlled slash limited uh again pretty
easy and straightforward answer there
because uh that's what a firewall does
right connections to external systems
are controlled limited by the firewall
right You've Got Deep you know deep
packet inspection you've got intrusion
prevention you've got all kinds of other
things in there that are essentially
controlling and limiting what systems
you can connect to and if it's malicious
hopefully it's stopping you from making
that connection now I could have
answered another way right maybe you
don't have a firewall like a physical
on-premise type firewall like a Florida
gate or a Sophos unit we're big fans of
Sophos here uh maybe instead you have an
endpoint management Solution that's
managing the local firewall on your
computer that's okay too so again lots
of ways you can demonstrate to an
assessor that that is being met
the sixth and final one is determine if
the use of external systems is
controlled and limited right great
example here is a web filter right are
you controlling the ability to go to
certain websites uh maybe you've got
port and protocol control are you
controlling the ability to go to an
external system through various ports uh
or disallowing certain protocols like
maybe we don't want to go into Gmail we
want to limit that capability so again
those are a couple of sample ideas
sample answers there we might answer
very simply with connections to external
systems are limited and controlled by
the organization's firewall that would
be pretty simple just be prepared to Dem
to to demonstrate this one to an
assessor I think this is one that you
know an interview may not really be good
enough for you're probably looking at
the idea of a little bit of shoulder
surfing a little bit of demonstration
virtually on this control now at on call
we work with defense contractors just
like you that's you it's something I'm
sitting behind you not your boss in
front of you it's you we work with you
who have had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped into their
lab like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas in
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
I know sounds crazy compliance leads to
more Defense work and we can show you
how with higher profit margins yes if
you're more secure you're more valuable
believe me how secure you are on a DOD
purchasing Matrix looks pretty similar
to what the whole cost is all right
literally you can't even do business
with you if you're not secure and the
price is a variable now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you we drop knowledge like that
a lot okay so again we're all about
helping our clients grow now if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com okay cmmc compliance
secrets.com is where you go if you don't
want to deal with this all right if you
don't want to deal with it you just want
this done for you go to that website
book a time with one of our with one of
our certified compliance experts all
right and check out the bio below for
more links on how to get help right now
if you love the content we're putting
out here for you or just don't want to
do this stuff yourself help us out with
a big thumbs up on that like button you
know we're trying to feel the love out
there we're trying to deliver it all to
you uh again a thumbs up on that like
button seriously it really helps us out
even better Mash that subscribe button
I'm gonna drop the S I'm just gonna mash
it mash it in the ground subscribe again
go get another Google account subscribe
again it all helps guys to get the
latest compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out
or we just decided it's a really great
time to shamelessly plug ourselves over
and over and over and over again because
you know what to be honest it's just fun
it's fun to do it's kind of hilarious
until the next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and yes sir I'll see you on
the next one

######
Video ID: mjYZSgKnrQ8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjYZSgKnrQ8
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.21： Restrict Portable Storage Use on External Systems
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

ac.l2-3.1.21 that should never asked for
the description of this video what
control I was going to talk about
well okay all right limit the use of
organizational portable storage devices
on external systems yes sir that's what
we're going to talk about

all right so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
of this cmmc dfars and this sp171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so cmfc control
ac.l1-3.1.21 limit the use of
organizational portable storage devices
on external systems what are they
talking about well here's what they're
talking about what they're doing
is there mandating that you have control
over portable storage devices your thumb
drives portable hard drives Etc so that
ultimately at the end of the day it's
understood that the less these devices
are used outside of the secure network
and then brought back in the less risk
you have to your network and data they
really want you to be in control of
these so that you limit the risk uh
which is so core to nist SP 10171
remember at the core of it NIS purpose
is to protect data and and have
information security but the methodology
is all about risk management kind of a
really cool fact a really cool lens of
how to look at it and of course when it
comes to cmmc it's really just
third-party assessment of nist SP 800
171 let's check out what the assessors
are looking for how to make them happy
on this one so uh if we look there's
three assessment points here number one
we want to determine if the use of
portable storage devices containing cui
on external systems is identified and
documented okay where do you get a look
well if we're giving a sample answer I'd
probably say something like the
organization inhibits the use of
portable storage media on external
systems per the it use and cyber
security policy hey knock knock you got
an itu's policy right
sure you do
time to call on call yeah it's the time
to give us a call all right now
assessment Point number two determine if
limits on the use of portable storage
devices containing cui on external
systems are defined the organization
prohibits the use of portable storage
media on external systems per the it use
and cyber security policy yes
yes there's that policy thing again you
know there's some controls you talk
about in these videos we're like hey
look you got to be prepared to
demonstrate that to an assessor this one
there's probably a little bit of
demonstration you can do but the reality
is you really need to be prepared to
ante up and show them your documentation
if you don't have documentation one of
the coolest things we do for our clients
is we always deliver a complete set of
totally done-for-you documentation all
right this is like literally six figures
worth of attorney time that went into
all of these policies there's a ton of
them and then you know you factor in our
time as far as you know some pretty
Advanced I.T people and cyber security
and compliance people all right there's
hundreds of thousands of dollars worth
of legalese that went into the policies
that we customize for our clients so I
know a lot of our clients come to us
because they're just like trying
desperately to figure out what in the
world to do about their complete and
total lack of policy creation we can
literally kick start you into compliance
in terms of I can't guarantee that I can
make you compliant I have to be very
careful I got a CMC code ethics but uh I
will say again we can kick start you to
have a full set of documentation and by
the time we're done working with you and
understanding you then at that point we
you know we have that documentation
fully customized and again it's it's
what's required to meet compliance now
third assessment point now that I'm done
being all careful and disclaiming is
determine if the use of portable storage
devices containing cui on external
systems is limited as defined
limited as defined huh I guess that
would mean we'd have to Define it
somewhere where do we do that well again
let's go back to our sample answer right
the organization prohibits the use of
portable storage media on external
systems per the itu since cyber security
policy now here's the thing with that
right we're going to do it through
policy because again in our sample
answer that's how it's done however
you've been in a lot of other places
right we got Group Policy we could
actually use Group Policy to force limit
the use of portable storage device we
could block USB ports we can do a lot of
stuff on this control a lot of different
ways that we can actually Define how
we're limiting portable storage devices
in our systems now if you're banging
your head against the wall going like
all right the good news is hey an
on-call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this D fars
nist itar and cmmc compliance stuff
dropped in their lap like a seagull on a
sunny day you know what it's like it
kind of sucks we teach you how to level
up and be a proper on-call compliance
hero for your company eliminating gaps
gray areas and getting this solved all
while showing you how to leverage
compliance as your secret weapon to land
more Defense work with higher profit
margins now that's what becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
if you're looking for help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now
and if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better Hulk smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance nerds
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and be careful
where you insert that portable storage
media of yours okay stay safe I'll see
you on the next one

all right

######
Video ID: -Crd2OaezkM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Crd2OaezkM
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.22： Control CUI Posted or Processed on Publicly Accessible Systems
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike Freer here with
on-call compliance Solutions I'm back
with my 100th video in a row with no
water break no I'm just kidding we're
back with another compliance tip of the
week kidding not kidding just call me
Kesha hey this week we're talking about
cmmc control AC dot
l2-3.1.22 control cui posted or
processed on publicly accessible systems

so hey if you're a defense contractor is
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist sp80171 compliance stuff on top
of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news you've found your
home here in on-call compliance solution
where we can help you transform into
your company's on-call compliance Hero
Let's jump into it so in cmmccontrol

ac.l1-3.1.22 I was going to do a little
happy dance when I read these controls
they're so freaking long control cui
posted or processed on publicly
accessible systems well I don't know
about you guys but this one seems a
little obvious right
hey it is what it is right if you don't
put the control in place somebody will
do it so look don't go posting top
secret defense information out in public
duh but you'd think this should be very
obvious but let me tell you with
Facebook and Instagram out there people
just love to snap pictures of cool stuff
and post it and you have to have
policies and controls over that kind of
thing guys uh again it's like that is
actually one of the big primary reasons
that we have such a problem in this
country with information security is
because well people think it's cool and
they don't really take information
security seriously the next thing you
know you got like blueprints and stuff
showing up on the Internet because
somebody thought it was cool to post on
Instagram yuck true story this control
goes even deeper and requires that there
basically be a policy in place declaring
who's authorized to post and potentially
even have a review process if you're
going to post things publicly between
giving references and wanting to
Showcase your best work online it's just
not as unusual as you would think right
I mean think about a contractor they
come in you got this cool piece of
Defense something or other and they're
like dude check out what I just worked
on they posted up their Instagram page
and Harry the plumber I don't know why
plumbers are always called Harry but
Harry the plumber posted up on his
Instagram page and who do you think
scanning for that kind of stuff the
Chinese
you know
it just is what it is yeah it is what it
is don't do it but more importantly
train your staff not to do it so let's
check out what the assessors are looking
for and how to make them happy on this
one now there's a lot of assessment
points there so I'm gonna break out my
Sesame Street skills we're going to
count to five
number one determine if individuals
authorized to post or process
information on publicly accessible
systems are identified so have you
identified who's allowed to post cui
publicly
now I'm going to give a sample answer
but it may not be your sample answer so
I'm going to give you a sample answer
you know that we might put down because
this is the way we operate I would say
hey look posting a cui on publicly
accessible systems is expressly
prohibited by the itus and cyber
security policy literally not allowed
every employee gets trained on it
they're terminated if they do it not
allowed don't do it do not pass go no
200 for you okay that's our policy and
that's a legitimate answer I break out
the policy I show it to an assessor and
you're out of hot water now assessment
Point number two determinive procedures
to ensure Cy is not posted or processed
on public accessible systems are
identified have you actually identified
the procedures so the first assessment
point was the individuals now the
procedures to ensure that cui is not
posted or processed well that's an
interesting one right because our answer
is still hey look go to the itu cyber
security policy we disallow it
completely okay it's not this not
applicable it's that we have an active
policy saying don't do that now out some
companies aren't like that you may have
a public intranet that you can get to on
the internet all right you may have some
examples that have been cleared by DOD
to show on your website as proof of past
performance those are all very
legitimate reasons but you've got to
have a procedure if you're going to
allow this stuff to be processed uh uh
or posted publicly so now you've got to
have a written procedure for how it gets
cleared to be posted publicly
assession Point number three determine
if a review process is in place prior to
posting of any content to publicly
accessible systems again same answer for
us but for you you may need a review
process they basically mandate that you
have some layers here so again you'd
have to have a written review process
for clearing that information to
actually show up online in Publications
and marketing materials wherever it may
be all right fourth assessment Point
determine if content on publicly
accessible systems is reviewed to ensure
that it does not include cui okay so
again the third point was review the
process
that's in place prior to posting so
before you post then you've got to have
another Pro part of your process to
review whatever that information is
specifically for cui to make sure that
that doesn't make it out there so great
example is this in our company we have a
marketing department in the marketing
department we have a senior compliance
officer who reviews all marketing before
it goes out into the public like this
video I feel I feel bad for that guy
because he's got to watch my face like a
lot and
I mean look it's not the worst looking
thing you ever saw but who wants to
stare at this all day long you know
you're I bet you know what I bet you're
on headphones right now you're probably
on the treadmill you know who I'm
talking to all right determine no point
number five determine if mechanisms are
in place to remove and address improper
posting of cui who wouldn't want to look
at my family I mean to be honest like
it's not that bad looking of a face a
little bit lopsided but it's not that
bad it gets the job done that's what I
like to say all right determinive
mechanisms are in place to remove and
address improper posting of cui posting
of cui and publicly accessible systems
expressly prohibited all right so we
prohibited
but now you got to look at the
mechanisms how is it getting posted all
right do we have like an automated
posting thing that I don't know maybe
scrapes some of our stuff and could
possibly uh you know give away to you I
don't know this one's a little bit of a
stretch to be honest with you but again
the idea is is there a mechanism in
place our mechanism is our policy that
just simply disallows it as a policy
right that's our mechanism but again
remember cmmc assessors have to look at
mechanisms and determine if in fact
there is something in place that would
remove and address improper posting of
cui so again we have a Content Review
Committee at our company that's because
we Market a lot and again they review
the stuff uh even things that have
already been posted to make sure there
is no cui that could possibly be you
know put in there
so
just in case you didn't know this at
on-call
we work with defense contractors just
like you who have had this defars nist
itar and cmmc compliance stuff dropped
into their laps like a seagull on a
sunny day all right we teach you how to
level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins that's what we're
all about that's what becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
my heroes my people all right if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you you can visit cmmc
compliancecrements.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content they're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on like button or
even better smash the Subscribe button
to get the latest compliance content as
soon as your as our compliance starts
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one
foreign

anyway

######
Video ID: PpK8WPNny0c
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpK8WPNny0c
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AC.L2-3.1.9 ｜ Provide Privacy and Security Notices
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

cmmccontrolac.l2-3.1.9 provide privacy
and security notices consistent with
applicable cui rules

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero now if I'm going
to jump right into it I'm going to tell
you all right all right all right here
we go all right like my man Mr
McConaughey hey it's time to provide
notice to system users that something is
up here all right the goal of cmmc
control ac.l 2.3.1.9 provide privacy and
security notices consistent with
applicable cui rules it is to alert
users to the idea that the system may
contain cui and activity is likely to be
monitored and recorded and probably is
this is an excellent deterrent and in
some cases maybe a legal mandate
depending upon your local loss so again
anytime we get into recording people
things get a little dicey now
if I was going to assess you there are
two main points I'd be looking for Point
number one determine if privacy and
security notices required by cui
specified rules are identified
consistent and associated with the
specific cui category
that's what I'd be looking for now if I
was giving an answer I would say well
here's an example answer notices are in
place at system startup via Windows
interactive system logon message Group
Policy that's one way you can do it
assessment Point number two determine if
privacy and security notices are
displayed again a sample answer might be
notices are in place at system startup
via Windows interactive system logon
message Group Policy so again you
restart the computer message pops up
says hey there's cui on the machine and
activity is logged and recorded that's a
requirement now other examples may be
physical facility signs okay think door
signs on security sensitive rooms signs
and policy sign in policies like for
visitors
training and more that could be in place
to demonstrate compliance with this
control there's a lot that you can do to
put up the right privacy and security
notices that cuis in the area all right
again we want people to be aware that
there's something going on here that's
security sensitive for sure
and hey
if you need more specific guidance on
that we can definitely help because at
on-call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this dfars
nist SP 10171 itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance nerves
nerves roll it out no I'm just kidding
it's me it's not my video editor but
sometimes I like to mess it a little bit
all right until the next compliance tip
my friend stay safe and secure out there
and hit us in the comments comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one one

foreign

######
Video ID: bfMhiWUMukY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfMhiWUMukY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AT L2-3.2.3： 3.2.3 Provide security awareness training on recognizing and reporting
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

cmmccontrolat.l2-3.2.3 provides security
awareness training on recognizing and
Reporting
potential indicators of
Insider threat

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling paranoid overwhelmed tired
and alone trying to understand all this
cmmc dfars and nist sp800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload I got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero all right let's
jump into it so in

cmmccontrolat.l1-3.2.3 I can wrap like
as good as Eminem I just gotta talk
about these controls and like maybe if I
talk about two in a row like I'm there
I'm right there I'm like on like sixth
mile all right provides security
awareness training on recognizing and
Reporting potential indicators of
Insider threat we're looking over our
shoulder we're looking under the desk
not really because there's nothing under
this desk and I'm I'm buying more pants
uh we're looking on the desk so we're
looking around the corner in our own
organization yes in our own organization
uh well ladies and gentlemen is true you
can't trust anyone paranoia is your
friend uh as it turns out one of the
Three core training tenants right there
along with mandatory cui training from
the dod and some kind of basic cyber
security training as Insider threat
training that means like that guy behind
the camera he could be super sketchy and
try to steal information so I gotta be
trained on recognizing when he's a bad
guy I'm pretty sure that's how it works
anyway but the good thing is he's a good
guy and I know that because I would just
never give him any information because
that's that's we're compliant that's how
it works
he's on a need to know basis
and he doesn't need to know much
just how to hit record you must provide
you must provide it to be compliant all
right now here's a hint there is some
good news here which is that the dod has
actually provide Insider threat training
for free yes something in this process
for free like our Awesome YouTube videos
smash the like button right now and give
us a subscribe really makes us happy and
we do we do it for free
could probably be doing something more
fun
not sure what this is pretty fun
I love talking about compliance just
like you love listening to the sweet
sweet sounds of my voice talking about
compliance
anyway uh yeah dods actually provided
Insider threat training for free right
out here on the internet which is pretty
cool uh now if you happen to be one of
our virtual compliance officer clients
first off you rock and you probably
already hit the Subscribe button so you
if you hit the Subscribe button right
now you'll be at least one step closer
to just having this whole thing done for
you but if you are one of our personal
compliance officer clients where we act
as your fractional compliance officer we
actually do this training live with our
clients and even have a pretty cool
cartoonized video version that is
shorter and much easier to digest so
there's some flexibility in delivery
here but no matter what it's a
compliance control so you got to do it
let's check out what the assessors are
looking for on this one and how to keep
them happy now two points they're
looking for number one determine if
potential indicators associated with
Insider threats are identified uh how
would we actually know if there was some
Insider threat that's a great question
right
um because of course you got to know how
to recognize it
a couple of things one is if you've been
through Insider threat training there's
a lot of information in there about how
to recognize the human element of
Insider threat training but for the
purpose of sort of giving more of a
demonstratable answer for a sample
answer here we can point to our seam
system believe it or not right our
security information event management
system uh the same solution provides
potential in indicators associated with
Insider threats and is monitored by the
I.T team right so the ITT monitors the
same solution maybe you've got accounts
that are weird that are logging in maybe
it's a co-worker stole the account who
knows what what it is but again the same
solution definitely can provide those
potential indicators uh associated with
Insider threat
now the second point is determinive
security awareness training on
recognizing and Reporting potential
indicators of Insider threat is provided
to managers and employees okay so hang
on step further is it provided to
managers and employees we tell people
hey look you know if it was us right
we're doing compliance recovery we want
all authorized users who can see cui who
work with cui they've got to be required
to go through government provided or
equivalent Insider threat training again
we've made a version of it that it's
much more digestible if you've ever seen
one of these government provided
trainings well to be honest they kind of
feel like a government provided training
and you get what you pay for right I
mean that's how it works so hey in on
call we work with defense contractors
just like you and we help you make
getting compliant not suck so if you've
had this DeForest nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into your lap
like a seagull on a sunny day we can
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you and if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmfc complianceecrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button do it right now it'll
make us smile to get the latest
compliance content as soon as compliance
nerds roll it out our compliance nerds
but by the time we're done with you
you'll be a compliance nerd too and
you'll love it until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one

all right

######
Video ID: 0sKh0858qcg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sKh0858qcg
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AT.L1-3.2.2： Ensuring Adequate Training for Information Security Job Duties
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

cmmccontrolat.l2-3.2.2 ensure the
organizational Personnel are adequately
trained to carry out their assigned
information security related duties and
responsibilities

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in

cmmccontrolat.l1-3.2.2 ensure that
organizational Personnel are adequately
trained to carry out their assigned
information security related job duties
and responsibilities
here again in this control it's all
about making sure that the people are
adequately trained but especially those
people who have information security
related job duties this Nuance is
critical as assessors will be looking to
information managers to see if they have
adequate training versus other employees
great example somebody doesn't have cui
uh you know in their possession they
don't need to be trained on some things
someone who's going to handle cui they
should get that mandatory dodc UI
trained just as a small example uh again
people who may not require higher levels
of information security training to
actually protect cui or not people that
you know may need the extra training so
let's check out what the assessors are
actually looking for on this one and
find out how to keep them happy so on
this compliance control there are three
places that they're going to be
assessing on so Point number one is
determine if information security
related duties roles and
responsibilities are defined
uh again just kind of throwing out a
sample answer here the organization
defines each authorized user's job
duties role and responsibilities in job
descriptions yes cmmc may want to look
you know a cmmc assessor may want to
look at a job description right because
we have to find out if that information
security related duty role or
responsibility is actually defined so
that that person knows that that's what
they're supposed to be doing sounds like
common sense but believe me if you ask
some people they have no idea that part
of their job duty is well to secure
information now Point number two
determine if information security
related duties roles and
responsibilities are assigned to
designated Personnel the organization
assigns so if I just give a sample
that's why I say the organization
assigns information security related
duties roles and responsibilities via
job roles and descriptions so again you
get the job description maybe there's a
signature line at the bottom of it
you're signing off that you're the one
doing that job and it's your
responsibility might be something to
think about okay if that's if that kind
of paper is not in your company now
might be really good to kind of ask
about that because again you're going to
have to give a clear demonstration of
this
now final point is determine if
Personnel are adequately trained to
carry out their assigned information
security related job duties and roles
and responsibilities so again this is a
little tricky because you got to make
sure if somebody goes through training
you have proof they went through that
training very important it's got to be
documented because you're gonna have to
prove it to an Assessor uh if we were to
give a sample answer we would say
Personnel are required to go through
adequate training or show proof of
certifications that's right we're
talking about certifications now or
previous training prior to gaining
access to that cui to carry out assigned
information security related job duties
roles and responsibility okay great
example is hey look if you've got an I.T
director maybe they got a Security Plus
certification again that just
demonstrates clearly that they've got
Advanced security training now there's
no minimum security or there's no
minimum certification or anything like
that but again those do count towards
justifying and evidence
now if all of this sounds very confusing
to you or you're struggling on the
policies or you're struggling with all
these gaps you may have or you just
don't even know where to begin here's
the good news and on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had the dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliant stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as you see her
weapon along with my bad jokes to land
more Defense work with higher profit
margins that's what's becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit
cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content I'm
putting out here for you help us out
with a big fat thumbs up on that like
button it really shows us the love and
even better smash that subscribe button
to get the latest compliance content as
soon as our compliance nerds roll it out
until the next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there and hit
us in the comments below to let us know
what you like like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance I'll see you on the next
one

######
Video ID: fliv_n9DvWM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fliv_n9DvWM
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AT.L2-3.2.1： Raise Awareness of Security Risks and Policies
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

cmmccontrolat.l2-3.2.1 ensure that
managers system administrators and users
of organizational systems are made aware
of the security risks associated with
their activities and of the applicable
policies standards and procedures
related to the security of those systems

all right
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmfc control
at.l1-3.2.1 ensure that managers system
administrators and users of
organizational systems are made aware of
the security risks associated with their
activities and of the applicable
practices excuse me policies standards
and procedures related to the security
of those systems look this controls all
about training and awareness all right
again especially if if defense is not
the primary place you come from the goal
is to make sure your people are aware of
and trained on what it takes to keep
information secure in your organization
which is much different uh you know than
just sort of working in Normal
commercial businesses without these
requirements so again the fact that
you're becoming a defense contract or
you are a defense contractor and you've
got security as a core tenant of your
business that if that's a New Concept
this is the control they really should
call out the need to properly make
people wear and train so let's check out
what the assessors are looking for on
this one and see how to make them happy
uh again four major assessment points
here looking at at.l2 Dash 2 uh Dash
3.2.1 uh first we're going to determine
if security risks Associated
organizational activities involving cui
are identified so one are the security
risks that are going to you know be net
new to us are those identify uh if I was
to give a sample answer to an assessor I
would say hey look the organization
identifies these risks during the I
don't know let's say a quarterly risk
management activity meeting and of
course you can see our standard
operating procedure for a quarterly risk
management meeting to demonstrate that
yes they've been identified called out
we're addressing those risks uh and
we've got a documented way of doing that
now if you don't have a quarterly risk
management policy I'm going to tell you
what uh it doesn't matter if you do a
quarterly semi-annual annual again it's
requisite with the size of your company
if you don't even know what a risk
management policy looks like
okay that might be a good indication
that you could use a little bit of help
with this that's kind of what we do so
links in the bio below uh but ultimately
you're going to need a risk management
policy in place to be able to pass
assessment now Point number two
determinative policy standards and uh
procedures related security of the
system are identified so now the
question is do we have policies are they
identified are there standards and are
the procedures to manage risk are they
all identify now in our case because we
do have a quarterly risk management
policy in place we can just simply say
hey look go look at the quarterly risk
management policy right uh or your
standard operating procedures so again
it's easy when you have a policy in
place you're going to be fumbling around
for answers this control if there isn't
a policy in place
now assessment Point number three
determine if managers system
administrators and users of the system
are made aware of the security risks
associated with their activities now
this is a little bit different right so
one we can still look back at our
quarterly risk management sop because
that's a good place to kind of locate
some of that documentation but in
addition we always want all users that
are coming into contact with cui to be
trained uh using the mandatory cui
training against free trained DOD puts
out or again if you want a more
digestible version your uh that your
employees will love uh again talk to us
about our virtual compliance officer
train where we basically put on a much
easier to digest cartoonized uh uh
mandatory cui training type version so
again there are lots and lots of ways to
go about this but training is the
primary way to make people aware of the
risks now assessment Point number four
determine if managers system
administrators and users of the system
are made aware of applicable policy
standards and procedures related to the
security of a system yes see the
quarterly risk management report again
right we're still going back there we're
still going back to training right
because we're saying hey look to those
people who are in security sensitive
positions and the user of the system are
they made aware of the applicable policy
standards and procedures so have they
been treating your policies now not
necessarily the dod's mandatory cui
training so again all of that comes
together with training awareness it's
really a big deal and that's honestly
what the at group of controls is all
about now uh if you are struggling to
figure this out if you need policies
that are done for you if you just want
this whole compliance thing done for you
the good news is we here at on call work
with defense contractors just like you
who have been who have had this dfars
nist itar and cmfc compliant stuff
dropped in their lap like a single on a
sunny day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliances
your secret weapon to land more Defense
work with higher profit margins now
that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you you can visit
cmmccompliance secrets.com or you can
check out the bio below for links to
help let you get help right now and if
you love the content we're putting out
uh here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliance nerves roll it out until
the next compliance tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there and hit us in
the comments below to let you let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one
thank you

anyway

######
Video ID: vZqQVDVpQdY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZqQVDVpQdY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.1- Essential Audit Logs： Monitoring and Reporting System Activity
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol au.l 2-3.3.1
Mr Arigato I am Bato I I'm like too
young for the 80s man
um well I grew up you know I was born in
the 80s so I'm not too young for these I
like the 80s
anyway beside the point uh create and
retain system audit logs and Records to
the extent needed to enable the
monitoring analysis investigation and
reporting of unlawful or unauthorized
system activity

all right
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist sp800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmmccontrol
au.l1-3.3.1 create and retain system
audit logs and Records the extent needed
to enable the monitoring analysis
investigation and reporting of unlawful
or unauthorized system activity
oh boy here we go we're back with one of
the most misunderstood controls and
Concepts in cmmc and I'm gonna make it
all clear with one easy phrase are you
ready you need a seam Solution that's it
that's what you need to know on this one
and if you have no idea what it is you
help your YouTube
and pick up the other phone with your
left hand you should call us uh look you
need a seam solution all right even if
you have no idea what that is you should
just uh well you need one all right so
uh again either way it's going to cost
you way less time and money uh to put
one of these in place well it's the only
thing you really can do to be compliant
so just call someone will help but of
course we're not going to totally leave
you hanging there uh with my
unbelievably awesome unscripted script
here uh that's not how we roll it on
call I will give you a little help
because giving people help is what we do
and we love doing it and we love doing
it for free we love doing it even more
when you pay and you know real talk it
pays the bills because I don't get paid
to do these these awesome YouTube videos
which is why the quality is so
incredibly amazing you should see how
much revenue we drive off YouTube videos
exactly all right I will at least tell
you that a seam or security information
event management solution is something
that ingests the log files from the
computers and other devices like
firewalls and turns it into useful
security alerts and relevant information
so your network is always being properly
washed over and you're always getting
timely enough alerts that you can
actually use to take action with all
right so I always ask people I say hey
how is your network monitored and when
they don't really have an answer I know
they don't really have a seam solution
and I typically know yuck it's a bad
situation anyway let's check out what
the assessors are looking for and how to
make them happy uh assessment Point
number one determine if audit logs
needed I.E event types to be logged to
enable the monitoring analysis
investigation and reporting of unlawful
unauthorized system activity are
specified so are the logs
that will enable information to flow
your way is it specified the answer is
going to be yes right we're going to
pull system logs and firewall logs and
manage switch logs and I know whatever
else is relevant to your environment
maybe it's Azure government uh you know
uh logs and we're going to feed it all
into our seam system
right so the seam system kind of does
that but first we determine that we've
installed seam log senders or agents or
whatever it may be for your solution
onto those devices we have to Define
define those devices all right Point
number two determine if the content of
the audit law of to determine if the
content of audit records needed to
support monitoring analysis
investigation and reporting of unlawful
unauthorized system activity is defined
so
are we defining what the content of
those audit records is again your seam
system kind of does this for you because
it's just puking out all of the logs uh
or you're defining what the logs are
that are being sent to that system so
either way you can have it defined your
seam system is what ingests it
next we have to determine if audit
records are created okay do we create
audit records when the information is
ingested into the seam system okay this
is built into the seam system but
nonetheless I have run into clients
especially big ones who have like
cobbled together their own seam system
uh out of you know a great example is
like elastic right so elastic is a
solution out there where you can really
customize what goes in there so we want
to make sure that again there's an audit
record Being created as part of the pro
process next point is determine if audit
records uh once created contain the
defined content okay so do uh do the
audit records actually contain the
content defined as well what you're
trying to audit so again we say hey look
we can look at our our seam system it's
all kind of there uh you know it's
unknown right now how deeply the
assessors will really want to dive into
the the nitty-gritty here like do they
want a written policy where you've read
written out every kind of audit record
type that you're going like that's
extreme I think if you've got a seam
system this whole control really is
pretty easy to answer final excuse me
final two points all right determine if
retention requirements for audit records
are defined most team systems are gonna
uh have at least 30 days worth of
Records we tell our clients look I think
you should have at least 90 days to 93
days why because again in dfar 7012 the
dod has 90 days to request you pull
records back so they can do a forensic
investigation that's the actual
rationale there if you will
and then the final assessment point is
determine if audit records are retained
as defined so uh again is there a
retention policy and then go actually uh
sort of verify that they are in fact
being retained in accordance with the
policy the policy is active linked Etc
so this is probably going to be a
demonstration
you're likely going to have an assessor
asked to see your same system or at
least the audit record example uh you
know that could just be a simple
over-the-shoulder shoulder surf or again
some kind of demonstration that's
actually working
so um yeah that's uh you know no problem
at all right only seven assessment
points any of which can fail you I hope
you get it right just kidding the good
news is we can help you get it right and
that's what this video is all about
helping you guys so look at on-call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this D fars nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped in
their laps like a seagull on a sunny day
and we teach you how to level up and be
a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's when becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
we're even better here it comes here it
comes get your get your finger ready
here it is
smash that subscribe button baby to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliances roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: -4IIEQpmv7Y
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4IIEQpmv7Y
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.2 - Traceability for User Accountability： Clearing Actions
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

au.l2-3.3.2 ensure that the actions of
individual system users can be uniquely
traced to those users so they can be
held accountable for their action it's
going to put you in handcuffs baby

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance solution where we can
help you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so
cmmccontrol
au.l1-3.3.2 ensure that the actions of
individual system users can be uniquely
traced to those users so they can be
held accountable for their actions why
is it so critical for so many reasons
but most importantly we have to be able
to know who did what when in order to
adequately secure our systems right
because if we don't know who did it or
at least what account did it how we know
what really was going down again I'm not
going to go extensively into the cyber
security reasoning behind this if you
want more information reach out to us uh
there's links below links in the bio and
we can obviously help walk you through
things things but for the sake of
understanding what the assessors really
care about I think on this one let's
just jump into what the assessors are
looking for how to make them happy now
two control points here all right
determine if the content of the audit
records needed to support the ability to
uniquely Trace users to their actions is
defined uh and we would say of course it
is right because it's basically built
into our seam Solution that's what a
seam solution does uh and again you'll
probably be expected to give some sort
of a demonstration
second Point determine if audit records
once created contain the defined content
implemented via the same solution so
again determine if audit records once
created contain the defined content show
that again uh it's all there right in
the same solution not really a lot more
to it you're probably giving a
demonstration on this one in order to
actually prove your case so at on-call
we work with defense contractors just
like you who have had this defars nist
itar and cmmc compliance stuff dropped
in their laps like a seagull on a sunny
day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance earns
roll it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
and hit us in the comments below to let
us know what you'd like to know more
about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you
next time

foreign

######
Video ID: kDQ9Lk6YKD8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDQ9Lk6YKD8
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.3 - Review and Update Logged Events
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

gotta keep going we're halfway there
we're not even close to halfway there
there's still a lot more controls to go
but you know what guess what I'll tell
you what does keep going me and my crew
here and on-call compliance Solutions
because guess what baby we're back we're
back with another compliance tip of the
week all right and this week we're
talking about cmmccontrol

au.l2-3.3.3.3.3.3.3.3 review and update
logged events
let's talk about it

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand my jokes I
mean all of this cmmc dfarbs and nist
sp80171 compliance stuff on top of an
already colossal workload well I've got
great news for you you found your home
here at on-call compliance Solutions
where we can help you transform into
your company's on-call compliance Hero
Let's jump into it so cmmc control

au.l1-3.3.3.3.3.3.3 review and update
logged events waterlogged events
all right again referring back to the
seam system all right because if you
don't have logged events or you're like
I don't know where I'm logging uh might
be time to call us all right referring
back to seam system what they're really
going for here in this control is a
reference to actually making sure that
someone is really looking at the seam
system okay that means you probably
right someone's got to look at this
thing maybe an I.T director you know
maybe a security officer somebody's got
to be looking at this stuff so like so
many other cyber Security Solutions and
mistakes it's critical that someone
actually is monitoring and reviewing
these systems so when they do alert to
an issue it is promptly looked into and
resolved let's check out what the
assessors are looking for and how to
make them happy on this one now
first of three points determine if a
process for determining when to review
logged events is actually defined uh
again if I was to give an answer this I
would say hey look number one let's come
back to that quarterly risk management
standard operating procedure right let's
look there uh again we're going to
determine some things there in addition
the same solution sends alerts in real
time to system administrators when
information alerts are created which
meet notification thresholds within the
system so again we're going to basically
give a demonstration of the same
solution triggering like a ticket into
our I.T ticketing system something
similar to that
uh second assessment Point determine if
event types being logged are reviewed in
accordance with defined review processes
oh yeah here's that word reviewed
processes that probably means we need a
policy right guys yeah hey it's
implemented via the same solution same
solution sends alerts in real time to
system administrators when information
alerts are created which meet
notification thresholds within the
system all right again a lot of this is
really done totally automated through
the same system but nonetheless you
still have to Define it in your plan all
right third and final assessment point
on this one is determine if event types
being logged are updated based on the
review so again within the quarterly
risk management sop we have standard
operating procedures on how these things
should be updated and again it also has
a requirement that somebody be reviewing
all of those logs and reports and
tickets and things like that to come out
so again you just need to be able it
demonstrate show them hey look yep I'm
looking at the tickets here's the same
ticket and this is our procedure it has
to be in writing in order for us to you
know this is what we follow as a
procedure for doing this
now if you're reading if you're
listening this video and you're like
sweating and you're like oh my God like
what like I don't even have the
beginning of my documentation I don't
even know what a steam system is or if
you just really
frankly want this nightmare of a
compliance standard and cmmc
certification to just go away I have
great news because at on-call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
lap like a seagull on a sunny day we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that is
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you and how we can help if
you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
Bible below for links to get help right
now I don't mean like yesterday I mean
like literally you can go on there book
a meeting with us and be on the phone
one of our guys this afternoon
if you love the content we're putting
out here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash that subscribe button to
get the latest compliance content as
soon as our compliance nerds roll it out
until the next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and guess what I'll see you
on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: 69uZ6j9Fdgg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69uZ6j9Fdgg
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.4 - Alert in the Event of an Audit Logging Process Failure
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week besides sweating
we're talking about cmmccontrol au.l
2-3.3.4 Alert in the event of an audit
logging process failure and speaking of
a failure I have a failure to put on
deodorant before I came and started
shooting videos under incredibly warm
spotlights and I'm about to gas my
camera guy out but you guys get to watch
this video without smell-o-vision

thank you
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist sp-80171 compliant
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you I actually did not forget to put on
deodorant today but it does still stink
in here and we just need to open a door
just kidding you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions we can help
you transform into your on your
company's on-call compliance hero and
not stink so bad let's jump into it so
in cmmc control

au.l1-3.3.4 Alert in the event of an
audit logging process failure so this
control Dives even deeper into the
required functionality of the seam
system
okay seam systems need to be able to
alert you to when there is an issue
causing the system to not work correctly
otherwise how would you know when there
has been tampering with or a malfunction
in your security system right so again
we have to have a tamper-proof system so
how do we do that well let's check out
what the assessors are really looking
for here and how to make them happy
all right three assessment points number
one determinive Personnel or roles to be
alerted in the event of an audit logging
process failure are identified now this
one's actually pretty easy it sounds a
little intimidating when you first read
it but as it turns out hey look you've
probably got a seam system right right
if not call us we can help all right
Implement BSC solution only authorize
team administrators receive these alerts
so again we are defining who's getting
those alerts and all we have to do
really is just sort of give a
demonstration show them what the role is
of the administrator standard user in
our seam system you know whatever it may
be now number two determine if types of
audit logging process failures for which
alert will be generated are defined
again implemented via seam solution the
seam solution alert alerts seam admins
to audit logging process failures so
again we can clearly demonstrate this by
allowing in the same system showing them
these are admin users that have access
to it and that they are getting the
alerts uh Point number three determine
if identified Personnel or roles are
alerted in the event of an audit logging
process failure
now this is an interesting one right a
little bit different uh now it is hey
does your seam system alert you if
there's an actual failure to get the
logs from the endpoints or if there's a
failure in its own system right that is
a necessary part of a seam system when
complying with nist SP 800171 and of
course cmmc so again we'll say hey
Implement via the same solution the same
solution alerts seem admins to audio
logging process failures I'm gonna be
honest this is a very interesting one to
prove uh you know normally these things
are pretty straightforward kind of
self-service if you will I have found
that with a lot of seam systems the only
way to really prove this is honestly
with a support ticket into the vendor to
ask what their policies are so it is a
little bit challenging uh and it's not
always something that's really super uh
sort of at your hands but again we found
that again a simple support ticket may
be your answer there now here's the good
news uh if you're a defense contractor
we can help out with all of this
compliance stuff okay because we work
with defense contractors just like you
who've had this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better Hulk smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliances roll
it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance I'll see you on the next
one

######
Video ID: 9---smY8rOY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9---smY8rOY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.5 - Audit Review & Reporting： Investigating Unusual Activities
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike Freer here with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

au.l2-3.3.5 correlate audit record
review analysis and Reporting processes
for investigation and response to
indications of unlawful unauthorized
suspicious or unusual activity

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so uh I call this one the police
control all right so in cmfcc control
au.l1-3.3.5 correlate audit record
review analysis and Reporting processes
for investigation and response into uh
to indications of unlawful unauthorized
suspicious or unusual activity in other
words do you know when it's time to call
the police so here what we're doing is
we're getting into essentially the
intersection of where the seam or
security information in event management
and other monitoring and alerting
systems take shape and interact with
people in your organization as you will
see by what the assessors are looking
for in just a minute this control has a
mandated progression from what happens
in the system to how things are
responded to so if you're not sure how
you would really get that from the exact
wording of the control but hey that's
why we sort of punch through and are
delivering these controls from an
assessment perspective when it comes to
cmmc that way we can sort of show you
what the answer is and then you'll be
able to understand why they're asking
the question the way they are so let's
dive in let's check out what are the
assessors looking for and how to make
them happy on this one so again on au.l
2-3.3.5 there's really only two things
they're looking for the first thing
you're looking for is they want to
determine if audit record review
analysis and Reporting processes for
investigation in response to indications
of unlawful unauthorized suspicious or
unusual activity are defined so let's
take out all the garbage cook in the
middle determine if audit record review
yada yada are they defined if we were
going to give a sample answer that we
might say something to the extent of hey
look yes it's defined it's defined
within the seam solution right because
again you're gonna have policies and
templates within your seam solution as
far as what it should be actually
reporting on uh and of course there's
also an incident response plan where
you're also defining exactly how you're
going to record and then of course
respond to things so again those are two
places that an assessor would be looking
now if I'm looking at the second part of
the assessment criteria determine if
defined audit record review analysis and
Reporting processes are correlated again
there we can just look right back maybe
over the shoulder Surf and see that our
seam system is doing it so again we can
say we were implemented through our seam
or security information event management
solution and of course our incident
response plan
defines exactly how we're supposed to
execute on the usage of these tools so
if you're as confused as most people are
whenever they initially read that
control it might be time to give us a
call because an on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff drops into their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating Gap apps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmfc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliances roll
it out until the next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below let us know
what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: HNtAfrDhFNE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNtAfrDhFNE
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.6 - Efficient Audit Record Reduction and On-Demand Report Generation
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for your here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week now this week we're talking
about cmmc control

au.l2-3.3.6 provide audit record
reduction and Report generation to
support on-demand analysis and Reporting

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmmccontrol
au.l1-3.3.6 provide audit record
reduction and Report generation to
support on-demand analysis and Reporting
I'm going to call this the noise control
control all right if you've ever worked
with a seam solution before then you
know the first challenge of a system
like this is that out of the box they
just create massive levels of noise or
if they come with no rules at all then
they create no noise and you slowly sort
of turn up the volume ultimately that's
when a lot of confusion and alerts start
flooding your systems and all I can say
is yuck right the the boy that cried
wolf is not what you want as your
security system and that's exactly what
they turn into a lot of times so again
what an assessor is looking for here is
that there's some method of sort of
reducing all the audit record noise uh
that's going on with your system and
that you're actually getting reports on
things that are relevant you just have
to show them that so they have this
control to force you to actually make
sure that your seam system operates in a
way that reduces the noise and gives
relevant reporting and you'll need to be
prepared to demonstrate this so let's
check out what the assessors are looking
for how to make them happy on this one
now on this one we have two major things
that they're going to assess you on all
right so item number one is determine if
an audit record reduction capability
that supports on-demand analysis is
provided so one is there a capability
and is it provided in your system now
the easy answer to this one is you can
probably guess by this family of answers
is of course it is it's all built into
your seam system if you have one if
you're not familiar with the steam
system is it's probably time to give us
a call but it's basically a security
information and event management system
it ingests all your log file files it
parses them into actually useful alerts
and basically makes it so that you
actually do have monitoring on your
network as opposed to something like
antivirus which is very reactive this is
more proactive and real-time monitoring
now the second thing they're looking for
is they're going to say hey determine if
a report generation capability that
supports on-demand reporting is provided
so now we're talking about does your
seam system actually have an ability to
do on-demand report generation and of
course most good steam systems are going
to be able to do that but again not all
steam systems are created equal some
people are even sort of patching it
together creating one internally uh and
so again they want to really Define
exactly how this seam system is going to
work in order to provide you with useful
reports that you can actually do good
things with and keep your system safe
and be aware if there's something bad
about to happen now if you are
struggling to figure out this or any
other control uh there's good news for
you because at on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this defars nist itar and cmfc
compliant stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you you
can visit cmmc compliance secrets.com or
check out the bio below for links to get
help right now if you love the content
that we're putting out here for you help
us out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash that
subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance centers roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: LUPY4ELndH4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUPY4ELndH4
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.7 - Synchronizing System Clocks for Audit Records
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week I know you're excited this week
we're talking about cmfc control au.l
2-3.3.7 provide a system capability that
compares and synchronizes internal
system clocks with an authoritative
source to generate timestamps for audit
records

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and missed SP 800171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it with both feet but with our socks on
so hey in cmmccontrol au.l
2-3.3.7 provide a system capability that
compares and synchronizes internal
system clocks with an authoritative
source to generate timestamps for audit
records now look this control is
somewhat random it's kind of like thrown
into this thing where they're really
talking about the seam system there's
several controls in the role that talk
about you know logs and seam and
auditing and things like that and so the
big question is why is this here why do
we care about a system clock in the
middle talking about system auditing
well it turns out that knowing that your
seam alerts and time stamps are accurate
is a really big deal when it comes to
security if the timer clock is off on
your security information it may cause
you to miss important security
information alerts such as a bad login
at two o'clock in the morning right a
great example is being able to track
down
um you know failed logins or system
alerts or maybe even permission changes
that are happening in all kinds of
random times when they might not
ordinarily happen so this can definitely
be sort of hidden if your system clock
time can be altered uh or is not
synchronized with something by policy so
again let's check out what the assessors
are looking for on this one to make them
happy
so three things they're looking for
number one is determine if an internal
system clock are used to generate time
stamps for audit records uh and again if
we were to give like a sample answer
there we would say hey look system
clocks are set via Group Policy to
utilize the domain controller as the
authoritative time Source now it may not
be in domain control in your network it
could be a firewall it could be uh you
know the computers are set to directly
go to a Time server like nist dot or
time.nist.gov or something like that so
again there's a couple different answers
you could have here in this example
we're just going to use a domain
controller because it's pretty handy in
our little sample Network now the second
thing you're going to look for is
they're going to say hey determine if an
authoritative source with which to
compare and synchronize internal system
clocks is specified in other words
you're not just looking for something
internally that could be manipulated but
you're looking externally to something
that can actually be specified so in our
example we'll just okay hey it's in this
standard so we'll grab a nist Time
server because that's pretty handy right
we'll look at time.nist.gov and uh we'll
just have some group all policy in place
to say that it's specified inside the
group policy so third and final point of
assessment is determine if internal
system clocks used to generate time
stamps for audit records are compared to
and synchronized with the specified
authoritative time Source we're going to
say yes via Group Policy because group
policy in a typical sort of small to
mid-size network is going to be the easy
way to have a place to specify that
Network times Network time service so
again that's where our internal clocks
are all going to synchronize too
now uh if you're looking for help with
all this stuff and trying to figure out
what these controls mean or you just
really honestly want all this stuff done
for you the good news is here at on call
we work with defense contractors just
like you who've had this defars nist
itar and cmmc compliance stuff dropped
in their laps like a seagull on a sunny
day let me teach you how to level up and
be a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon slam more Defense
work higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
that subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance centers roll it out until the
next compliance that my friends stay
safe and secure out there and hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and I'll see you on the next
one
foreign

######
Video ID: Uu6LUZARFmY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu6LUZARFmY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.8 - Protection of Audit Data and Logging Tools
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with an attack on the
compliance tip of the week yeah this
week we're talking about cmmc control
au.l2-3.3.8 protect audit information
and audit logging tools from
unauthorized access modification and
deletion whatever that means

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got green news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's get into
it
so in cmmc control

au.l2-3.3.8 protect audit information
and audit logging tools from
unauthorized access modification and
deletion so here we have our friends at
Nara and nist doing a little thinking
ahead for us one of the most important
things about evidence Gathering is
making sure the evidence doesn't
disappear on you to that tune this
control mandates that seem log
information and the seam system itself
cannot be tampered with at on-call We
Love Solutions where steam log data
becomes immutable so they cannot be
changed once it's written if you're not
sure what kind of seam system to choose
or what a seam system is it might be a
good time to give us a call and our
certified compliance and cyber Security
Experts can definitely help you out but
in the meanwhile again the point here is
make sure that it's tamper-proof that
there's maybe a separate login system to
it or that some way it's guarded so that
only authorizers can get at it let's
check out what the assessors are really
looking for on this one to make them
happy now on this one you've got one two
three four five six a whole lot of stuff
that's going to get assessed so Point
number one is determining if audit
information is protected from
unauthorized access so number one is it
protected uh and if I was to give a
sample answer on this I would really
just describe sort of the login system
to the seam so again we would say maybe
something like it's Implement via the
same solution only seam administrators
have access to the system in other words
it's a whole separate isolated air gap
type of system and only they can get in
the next thing I talk about is
determining if audit information is
protected from unauthorized modification
so seam log files are held in immutable
storage right so again just kind of
pulling from our example of earlier we
really love the idea that steam storage
is immutable you really can't alter it
once it's written until it reaches a
certain age or you know whatever the
criteria is for overriding it uh so
again that's the example we would give
there determine if audit information is
protected from unauthorized deletion
again it's solved easily because if it's
immutable storage you can't get to it
there's other great cloud-based systems
that we've seen and I won't name any
names until we've received some
sponsorship dollars of course but there
are some great Cloud Solutions out there
that just simply don't give the
administrator access to where those seam
log files are are charged excuse me uh
stored and so as a result essentially
they just kind of don't have access to
those files to even create an
unauthorized deletion scenario
now assessment Point number four
determine if audit logging tools are
protected from unauthorized access this
is implemented via the same solution
user access system okay so again if you
have an isolated air gap seam system
maybe that's not part of active
directory as something completely
separate you could uh in this example
again have separate users that have
access just to the system pretty cool
way of doing it and again very very
common uh assessment Point number five
determine if audit logging tools are
protected from unauthorized modification
again seam system seam solution tools
are not modifiable from the vendor
typically this is going to be the case
now if you made your own seam system and
we've come across clients who've done
that you're then going to have to figure
out a way to protect that system from
unauthorized user access and Define that
so be ready if you built your own or
you're sort of piecemeal with a couple
different solutions you're going to have
to really be ready for the assessor to
dive in on you there and make sure that
there's nothing uh you know nothing no
holes in terms of how people could get
to the data itself now final assessment
point is determining if audit logging
tools are protected from unauthorized
deletion in other words Kate can I just
delete you know the c major or something
like that could I just delete whatever
it is that's pulling the log files uh
so you know again we sort of use the
example of hey look the same solution
cannot be deleted uh because well it's
it belongs to a third-party provider you
simply can't delete it and anytime that
the same agent might not be functioning
correctly it would it would send an
alert or there would be an alert from
the same system coming to us to let us
know Hey listen this agent's not uh you
know it's not functioning properly go
fix it so again lots of ways to sort of
answer that one but again most steam
systems will have all this built in you
just have to really have a good
understanding and ability to explain it
here to an auditor so they know that you
know how it works and if you don't know
how it should work well then I got a
solution for you you can call us here at
on call because we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this all solved while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work higher
profit margins now that is what becoming
an on-call compliance hero can do for
you and if you're looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit CMC
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button right now to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance service roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

all right

######
Video ID: DFJnaelS_bg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFJnaelS_bg
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control AU.L2-3.3.9 - Restricted Privileged User Access for Audit Logging Management
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for your here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit
logging functionality to a subset of
privileged users

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmfc
dfars and nist SP 800171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I got great news for you
you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance hero and learn some new dad
jokes let's jump into it so in cmmc
control
au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit
logging functionality to a subset of
privileged users this control is all
about limiting access to only those
people who really need it again there's
a recurring theme throughout nist sp800
171 it's basically all about making sure
that people only have access to what
they actually need access to and if they
don't have access to anything else so as
they say too many chefs in the kitchen
doesn't make for a better tasting cake
or something so only those people who
really need to see seam information
should have access to it so let's check
out what the assessor is looking for on
this one in order to bake them a cake
they'll love to eat all right so two
things you're looking for on this one
number one determine if a subset of
privileged users are granted access to
manage audit logging functionality and
make sure it's defined okay so uh if we
were to give a sample answer we would
say something like uh Hey look it's
implemented because the seam solution is
only accessible by specific authorized
seam administrative users so if you had
a standalone steam system that might be
an answer if you had active directory
maybe you had some kind of a you know
accessible through domain credentials
you might say only this the people in
this certain OU have access to get to
the seam unit but one way or another you
have to actually determine if the subset
is defined so who are those people
that's what they're looking for now
assessment Point number two determine if
management of audit logging
functionality is limited to the defined
a subset of privileged users so in other
words
you have to determine if the actual
management of the functionality right so
the settings configurations things like
that can only a certain subset of those
people see the settings configuration
Etc so again there's the management of
audit logging functionality then there's
actually the management of uh there's
there's the management audit logging
function I was limited to Define subset
of proposal users so who can actually
change settings and things like that all
right now if I was to give a sample
that's that second piece it's really the
same answer as the first piece right
it's just it's more of the same you're
limiting the people who actually have
access to it so again we'd say
implemented the same solution is only
accessible by specific authorized team
administrative users and again if you
had an assessor on your hands you'd
probably just have them look over your
shoulder log into your seam system and
show them all the cool settings how the
magic happens all right now if you're
looking for more magic to happen guess
what you're in the right place because
in on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day and we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas getting this
solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better you
guessed it baby smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance errors
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: h3E4FuUkoXg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3E4FuUkoXg
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CA L2-3.12.1： Assessing Security Controls and Risk Management
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike Freer here with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control

ca.l2-3.12.1 periodically it's just the
security controls and organizational
systems to determine if the controls are
effective in their application

so hey if you're a contractor who's
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone try
to understand all this cmmc dfars and
nist SP 800 171 compliance stuff on top
of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so in

ca.l2-3.12.1 periodically assess the
security controls and organizational
systems to determine if the controls are
effective in their application this is
one of those controls that will get the
it guys head scratching and for good
reason this isn't really an I.T issue
for the most part okay so again remember
dfar's nist compliance is a company-wide
issue and not everything is all on the
it guy's head so this is a risk
management control okay not an I.T
control and as we are beginning to learn
dfar's nist cmmc they're all far more
about risk management than directly
about cyber security so here the
assessors are going to want to
understand hey what is your risk
management program look like how often
are you actually looking at risk and the
way you are managing it and let me tell
you it better be documented in a policy
somewhere and you better be able to
prove you're actually getting getting
into it and acting on it not just some
Word document from 1997 that hasn't been
opened in a million years okay because
again these assessors are sharp they're
going to be able to sit there and look
at date and time stamps on files with
you they're going to kind of see through
the letters they're going to want to see
hey show me some calendar entry where
you had an actual meeting about risk
management as a sidebar this control is
one that is solved with our virtual
compliance officer services so again if
you're a small to mid-sized company or
even a large company and you're like man
I don't know how to do this I don't you
know we don't have risk management
practices in our business and you know
you're just kind of like shaking your
head thinking yourself what on Earth am
I going to do here we literally handle
this for our clients right now let's
dive into what the assessors are looking
for so you can learn at least how to
solve for it
so in this control we're looking for two
different things number one uh determine
if the frequency of security control
assessments is defined in other words is
there somewhere in writing where you're
stating how often security assessments
uh of you know are happening and and how
often those controls are actually
assessed to see if they're working so in
our case if we were to sort of be
managing this for a client we would say
Hey look it's implemented via the risk
management standard operating procedure
again one of the things we deliver for
our clients is we deliver a complete set
of standard operating procedures which
includes a risk management policy a risk
management framework and everything that
goes along with managing risk the second
thing they'd be looking for is
determining if security controls are
assessed with the defined frequency to
determine if the controls are effective
in their application if that sounded a
whole lot like the first thing they're
looking for let's hit the rewind button
and let's try it again so again the
first thing they're looking for is the
frequency of security control assessment
the second thing they're looking for is
determine if security controls are
assessed with the defined frequencies so
again they're just really kind of diving
in to prove the point that they're going
to have to have some evidence that
you're actually participating in these
risk management activities and that
you're actually assessing whether or not
the security controls are really there
are really working are really effective
in their utilization and whether or not
you're assessing if they actually are
you know bad or good again how do we
answer that second that second piece of
assessment we would say hey it's
implemented via the risk management sop
in addition you can also see the
Baseline configuration the network
inventory and the poem because again
these are going to be things that change
as new risks are realized and come onto
the scene they'll be discussing your
risk management program and then again
you would see those changes throughout
changes in additions to your plan of
actual Milestones system security plans
and things like that so if your head is
spinning like mine is sometimes when I
talk about risk management the good news
is here at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had
this dfars nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seal on a sunny day we teach you how to
level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
information on getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmccompliance secrets.com
or check out the Bible below for links
to get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance stores roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: I6F1UbwqhyA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6F1UbwqhyA
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CA L2-3.12.2 - Developing Effective Plans of Action for Compliance Success
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmfccontrol
ca.l2-3.12.2 develop and Implement plans
of action designed to correct
deficiencies and reduce or eliminate
vulnerabilities in organizational
systems

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliant
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload I got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance hero if you haven't done it
yet reach right down there smash that
subscribe button it really helps us out
and again lets us know that we're doing
the right thing for you guys so again if
you've been watching our control videos
send some love our way hit the like
button and definitely smash that
subscribe button so you can check out
all the videos
now let's jump into it so uh we're
talking about cmmccontrol
ca.l2-3.12.2 develop and Implement plans
of action designed to correct
efficiencies and reduce or eliminate
vulnerabilities in organizational
systems well this one's pretty easy and
straightforward okay you better have a
poem and if you don't have a poem or a
plan of action uh with Milestones uh
well then well you're not compliant to
begin with so forget about cmmc
certification you're not even at the
start finish line yet right uh so again
not just any poem it better have any
temporary deficiencies you have along
with your original Baseline deficiencies
from where from when you started so yes
your poem is part of your Baseline
documentation requirement and again this
is something a lot of people don't
understand when it talks about the idea
of Baseline documentation it considers
the idea that you're compliant as a part
of your Baseline so again your assist
your system security plan your plan of
action Milestones all the network
inventory stuff there's so much involved
in Baseline documentation just show that
again if something happens you have
record of it so again your poem also is
a place where you should be tracking all
of your changes yes I know the form they
give you from the government is really
not that friendly for tracking changes
but you know what it doesn't matter
because that's the way the government
says do it so that's how we do it so
again track your changes in your poem
and again it is kind of that forever
living document of what you've gone
through and what you've done very
important to prove you are performing
the actions required of you which
includes keeping up with your plan of
action with Milestones as time goes on
so again you want to be able to show
that assessor in one big document hey
here's everything that was wrong here's
everything we did to fix it and that's
kind of a quick summary of what the poem
needs to be so let's jump into what the
assessors are looking for on this one
so we're looking for three key pieces of
information if you're an assessor okay
one you want to determine if
deficiencies and vulnerabilities to be
addressed by the plan of action are
identified now where would they where
would they be identified this one's
pretty simple the answer is hey go look
at our poem and of course for assessment
Point number two you're probably gonna
get the same answer right determine if a
plan of action is developed to correct
identified deficiencies and reduce or
eliminate identified vulnerabilities
here again all we have to do is say go
look at the poem everything you're
looking for should be in there so again
make sure you're doing all your proper
documentation
final assessment point is to determine
if the plan of action is implemented to
correct identified deficiencies and
reduce or eliminate identified
vulnerabilities here again your plan of
actual Milestone should have notes on
exactly what you did to remediate those
vulnerabilities where are you going to
put in the plan you know what I got to
tell you there's no defined field for it
in the table that comes from the
government you can either add one to
your own spreadsheet or what I like to
do is we just simply make footnotes in
the document so that wherever you are in
the document wherever the deficiency is
again what you did to solve it is there
and then you're changing your ultimate
answer to it's completed versus a
temporary efficiency so again
remediation of poem items will be
evidence within the it ticketing system
as well so this is another key piece
which is it may not just be good enough
to show what you did in a summary they
may want to actually see evidence that
things were done in your ticketing
system so keep that in mind and again
always keep great notes about how you're
changing your system very important now
at on-call we work with people just like
you all right defense Contractors Supply
Chain people in the defense industry uh
who have had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day we
teach you how to level up and be the
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you you can visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com do it right now
open up another tab CMC
complianceeekers.com check it out or you
can always check out the Bible below for
links to get help right now okay love
the content we're putting out here for
you help us out with a big thumbs up on
that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button it really means a
lot to us when we get those
subscriptions it just kind of brightens
our day all right uh and again you want
to be subscribed so you get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance nerves roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

######
Video ID: AXQaEgJ-Eak
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXQaEgJ-Eak
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CA L2-3.12.3 - Monitoring Security Controls for Continued Effectiveness
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week cracking a smile on your face
this week we're talking about cmmc
control
ca.l2-3.12.3 monitor security controls
on an ongoing basis to ensure the
continued effectiveness of the controls
they told me to smile more when I did
this video I don't know I did one cut I
don't know apparently I look like
somebody ran over my dog or something
but anyway I'm smiling now because I'm
here with you we're hanging out we're
talking cmmc controls right let's get
into it

all right so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
the cmmcd fars and nist SP 10171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload I got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero let's get into
it alright so uh on this control there's
only one thing that they're looking for
okay they're looking for help
determining if security controls are
monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure
the continued effectiveness of those
controls in other words
do you actually
have a method in place to monitor what
security is actually being implemented
because if you don't how would you know
that it's actually working so again if
we were to give a sample answer this we
would say hey it's implemented evidence
is available within the it tickets and
alert emails so again the it tickets are
sort of where things go when they need
to be remediated and then the emails the
email alerts are coming out of your
various monitoring systems like your
seam system maybe your sock maybe your
antivirus and other things that are sort
of directly sending information into
wherever you call Central home for
monitoring those things can be evidence
there and that's really kind of what
they're looking for on this control now
at oncall we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfars nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seal on a sunny day we teach you how to
level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your Company Limited
in gaps gray areas and getting it solved
all while showing you how to leverage
compliance as your secret weapon land
more Defense work with higher profit
margins now that's what becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceeekers.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now I promise you don't have to struggle
anymore
and maybe then you'll be cracking a
smile anyway if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better Hulk smash that
subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance learns roll it out until the
next combines tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let you let us know
what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and
compliance and I'll see you on the next
one

######
Video ID: JkuMXZ55xf8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkuMXZ55xf8
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CA.L2-3.12.4 - Developing Effective System Security Plans
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week and you know what I'm gonna take
you behind the scenes on how I make
these videos well I just make them I
just Freestyle right off the top of my
head all right and you know what this
week we're gonna freestyle but not in
that way and we're gonna talk about cmmc
control
ca.l2-3.12.4 develop document and
periodically update system security
plans that describe system boundaries
system environments of operation how
security requirements are implemented
and the relationships with or connection
to other systems I couldn't find
something more exciting to talk about if
I tried

thank you
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmoc
Deep Bars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news you
found your home here in on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's dig into
it okay so cmmc control

ca.l2-3.12.4 I know you're excited to be
here we're kind of a little bit like
we're close to the end there's only two
more control families to go
you've watched a lot of my videos
haven't you yeah
develop document and periodically update
system security plans that describe
system boundaries system environments of
operation how security requirements are
implemented and the relationships with
or connections to other systems it's a
really really really long way of
basically saying hey you need to write a
system security plan and it would
probably be a lot easier if they just
gave you the format right but
you have to go find that yourself
well they sort of they sort of give it
to you but anyway this control really
defines everything you are supposed to
be delivering in your system security
plan if you're one of those people who
just went through the controls in the
SSP and didn't look at the top few
sections oh boy an assessor is going to
have a rude awakening for you my friend
there is a lot of documentation required
Beyond just these controls in order to
prove that your system is properly
documented so again if you're one of the
people and again I'm guilty of it too
when I first look at this thing all I
went and did is I went I look on my holy
crap 110 controls I'm gonna be here for
a little while and then you figure out
that like okay we can get through these
but then
you go I'm finished and then you realize
oh man there's like four pages of
requirements before you even get to the
first control so fair warning read the
whole thing okay or you just call us and
we take care of it for you all right
let's get into the details of what the
assessors are looking for here to make
sure you got a system security plan oh
my God that's really small font and I
think this is the one you're talking
about but anyway the point is I'm gonna
try to read you like these 15 different
assessment points and they're really
small so if I look like I'm squinting
it's because I am because that's how we
roll there's no time for editing here
just roll with it all right what are
they looking for all right first thing
is determine if a system security plan
is developed uh well
give me your system security plan just
show it to them show me the money right
that's all we got to do there all right
second thing they're looking for
determine if the system boundary is
described and documented in the system
security plan well look the way we do is
we have a little line that says see
attached documentation and we just like
dump a folder right onto the assessor
okay so again you're gonna have your
full you know all of your Baseline
configurations all your network diagrams
all of your system inventories like all
the stuff that they're asking for in the
first two sections of the system
security plan you just say here here you
go go through it there's your proof it's
there you do have that right like
everything in your network is totally
documented the way it's supposed to be
right
hope so it's not you know who to call
they'll call song call for nothing all
right Point number three they're looking
for to determine if the system
environment of operation is described
and documented in the system security
plan so again you're really just showing
up documentation here's the good news
I'm going to tell you the assessment
points here but the answer is going to
be the same you better show them the
evidence you better show them the money
you better show them those system
security plans and all the supporting
documentation there all right session
Point number four determine if the
security requirements identified and
approved by the designated Authority as
non-applicable are identified so again
if there is an authority okay and if
there are security requirements uh that
have been identified and that they are
improved as non-applicable so in other
words this is all the N A stuff in your
plan you see there's like three boxes
there's like implemented not implemented
then n a we really try hard to not have
anything n a because that gets super
questioned uh by any assessor because
they're like well surely this applies to
you uh ultimately again they're going to
want to know who's the authoritative
person that allowed you to put n a there
as an answer and let's go talk to that
person I know this is like really fun
isn't it uh so again we're going to show
the documentation and it's probably for
that one it's probably gonna be an
interview with the person who may be an
authority maybe it's an I.T director
maybe they got to go above the it
director's head if that's the guy that
filled out the plan but again they're
just going to want to check in and say
hey is it cool this is not applicable
does this make sense in your environment
and again it's more of a conversation
more of an interview style thing
next one determine if the method of
security requirement implementation
is described and documented in the
system security plan I'm going to make a
little joke here because whoever wrote
this stuff okay whoever wrote These
requirements definitely did not adhere
to the politicians third grade reading
level requirement all right method of
security requirement implementation I
don't know what that means I'm just not
that smart but somebody on my staff
figured out that's the good news all
right because I got a really amazing
team and they figure everything out for
you guys now what's the answer to this
one again we're just going to say hey go
see the documentation okay the
documentation is where the answers to
all of this are going to lie it's going
to be how we do what we do on this
particular assessment point so again I
can't tell you what it means I can just
tell you what the answer is I'm just
kidding guys you know what the rule is
go see the documentation now the next
assessment Point determine if the
relationship with or connection to other
systems is described and documented in
the system security plan so again yes
that's why I don't know if you guys have
seen the video but we have a video that
talks about you know us contra virtually
inserting definitions into the first
part of our system security plan we
always do it and our goal actually is
not because it's required but because it
just makes the Assessor's life easier
well interestingly we got this idea from
this assessment point right because if
we can show the relationship which you
can't necessarily show by answering the
control questions then we give them some
rationale about where it should be so
again you're going to say that's
implemented see the documentation it's
going to be basically an assessor
reviewing what you've got there and yes
in your system security plan you should
have boundaries described you should
have all these things done already in
your network documentation if you don't
have it if you're struggling to put
together Network documentation feel free
to call us okay we can definitely help
out with that now next assessment Point
determine if the frequency to update the
system security plan is defined ah now
this is an interesting one it turns out
not only do we have to have a system
security plan but we also have to have a
designated interval where we're actually
updating this and this is where um again
I'll kind of speak just how we solve it
we have this thing called a virtual
compliance officer service it's amazing
basically we come in and run compliance
for our clients because there are just
so many assessment points that you're
going to be evaluated on that are
dependent upon you integrating this as a
part of your day-to-day operation here's
an example you literally have to be
updating your system security plan you
have to have that sort of defined
frequency
which also translates into someone's got
to do it so if it's not gonna be someone
on your team it can be someone on our
team or our team will actually do the
review with you which is what we do a
lot of times during our quarterly risk
management meetings and other uh other
forms where it makes sense to actually
go and look at and review system
security plans and make sure they're
updated how often do you do that you
know what I'm gonna be honest with you
they don't really Define that precisely
but I will say for sure once a year
probably a little bit more often than
that if you're a larger company uh
typical thing we do with large clients
is usually a quarterly so a lot of
information there okay determinive
system security plan is updated with the
defined frequency so again making sure
the system security plan actually does
get implemented excuse me updated from
time to time and of course again we can
reflect back to various forms of
documentation such as you know again if
you do it in a risk management if you do
it in a DeForest nist meeting whatever
you choose your Forum to be to review
all of this that would be where you
would do this updating and also where
you would Define the frequency of how
often it's done now if your head is
spinning from all the stuff you didn't
even know that you had to actually do
the system security plan or you just
wish you didn't have to be watching my
videos while you're running on the
treadmill or riding your bike or
riding into work or whatever you do when
you listen to me talk about this
incredibly exciting subject matter the
good news is we help people just like
you you we can end the struggle you and
me all you got to do
is go to cmmccomplianceeekers.com that's
it that's all you gotta do you go to the
website schedule some time with one of
my experts these guys are awesome
They're Gonna Roll with you and they're
going to take care of everything start
to finish okay because we work with
defense contractors just like you who've
had all this defars nist itar and CMC
compliance stuff dropped onto their
heads like I see go on a sunny day and
it's not fun you wish you could seagull
on somebody else seagull on us we love
it we're like a mushroom we put us in
the dark and feed us you know what and
we're going to grow and Blossom into
something beautiful that's going to
fertilize your lawn
while we teach you how to level up and
be a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminated gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
and that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links that'll help you
get help right now you don't have to
wait you don't have to wait for the
mushroom to bloom we can go for it right
now it's like your one-up token
I might have seen the Mario movie with
my kids this weekend all right if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button hit the latest
compliance content as soon as our
complianceers roll it out
until the next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there and hit
us in the comments below to let us know
what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: skqJ3_65N9k
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skqJ3_65N9k
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM L2-3.4.1： Baseline Configurations and Documentation
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain
Baseline configurations and inventories
of organizational systems including
Hardware software firmware and
documentation throughout the respective
system development life cycles

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SB 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already work colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here baby at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so in cmmccontrol
cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain
Baseline configurations and inventories
of organizational systems including
Hardware software firmware and
documentation throughout the respective
system development life cycles here we
find ourselves running into yet more
documentation requirements I know you're
swimming in paper and guess what it's
time to do the backstroke baby because
there's more of it coming your way this
time it's the requirement to have
Baseline documentation okay uh and I
have to tell you it never surprises me
to walk into organizations uh and and we
ask for documentation kind of before we
get there use those kind of crickets we
show up there say hey cool let's see
your network diagram they hand us like
one Visio diagram of a fairly basic sort
of high level topology if we're lucky
most places we don't even get that but
they basically don't have documentation
on their Network and only we've what we
find is that there's really little to no
documentation all on the network so to
me this is really scary stuff because
you know if you have a problem and you
need to bring in a third party to
troubleshoot it or if you have a problem
like you you know something on your
network gets wiped out how are you going
to know how it all went back together
and that's kind of one of the core
fundamental basics of nist is know what
you've got you know to begin with and if
you're you know again a small to
mid-sized it shop or I.T department and
you really haven't you know done your
your sort of your paperwork and your
documentation and you're like what's the
point I'm trying to put out fires and
put out tickets you know here's what
I'll tell you it's so worth it all right
it's one of those things you don't have
to do it terribly often but for one
thing if you're a defense contractor
you're required by law to have that
stuff on paper that way you can
demonstrate to an assessor or someone in
the dod what exactly you have going on
if there's a question about it where if
you're attacked it's really really
important and you're going to look
really silly if something bad happens
and you can't even whip out some basic
Network documentation now there are lots
and lots of cool ways to do it if you're
just needing a really fast way to do it
we have some automated methods along
with some people that will help you with
the risk management piece uh and even
the review of the documentation piece we
also do that that is definitely a
service that we offer uh and again we
can help you every step of the way when
it comes to compliance Network audits uh
documentation things like that I'll get
in a little bit later but for now let's
check out what the assessors are looking
for on this one how to make them happy
so on this one fair warning they're
looking for a bunch of stuff okay
there's like a through F and I think if
my counting is correct I think that's
like six different things they want to
assess you on again this is one of the
bigger controls so
what are they looking for first number
one determine if a baseline
configuration is established in other
words do you even have any documentation
hey free points if you've got it failing
if you don't all right so again we would
probably put down as an answer pretty
simple straightforward hey it's
implemented C organizations Network
documentation on file uh again one of
the first things we do whenever we step
in any client that we're helping you a
compliant is we run some pretty awesome
software that essentially takes care of
every bit of this and creates some
amazing amazing Network documentation
performs internal and external network
audits uh and penetration tests and
things like that so again it's it's it's
really for us it's like square one we
can't even understand your network until
we do that all right assessment Point
number two determine if the Baseline
configuration includes Hardware software
firmware and documentation again this is
on you right so it's assuming that
you've got that but you have to go to
that level right Hardware software yes
they want a list of every piece of
software you're running why because if
you've got a baseline you've got some
other weird software you can refer back
to the Baseline and well you'll know
that it was always there or that it
wasn't so either way it's still pretty
important and again the answer itself is
the same it's implemented see the
organization's Network documentation
that's on file have it available for
your assessor have it available for your
boss only if you want to keep your job
right all right Point number three
determine if the Baseline configuration
is maintained ah now we get a little bit
more complicated right has it been
reviewed has it been updated throughout
the system development life cycle okay
so now what does that mean that means
you got to have a a baseline right you
gotta have some point where you begin
but then you got to have more iterations
of it okay you've got to show over time
that you're doing the work all right and
you're updating it you've got new
versions of it okay this is all very
important we love using ticketing
systems to keep track of everything that
we do and you know we'll put this year's
as an attachment to a service ticket
it's a great way to keep track of it if
I was to answer this one I would say
implemented you know see organizations
Network documentation on file updated in
real time daily through and again just
sort of an example we have a remote
monitoring and management system that
can actually take attachments uh it
includes a ticketing system and so again
we actually say CR ticketing system uh
for annual service tickets on network
documentation updating again lots of
lots of flexibility in what the answer
could be but the idea really is is that
you've got history on it
next determine if a system inventory is
established right do we have an
inventory so again does your
documentation actually include a total
inventory so somebody can go down the
inventory list and see exactly what you
have in there from a hardware software
firmware perspective Etc again we'll
just have an easy answer to it on paper
which is Implement see the organizations
that were documentation on file
obviously be prepared to show that
determine if the system inventory
includes Hardware software firmware and
documentation Again by now you're just
kind of repeating yourself I don't know
why they have this extra assessment
point in here but I did write this thing
and I'm sure there's a really good
reason to really get super granular on
what that documentation's got to have in
it again uh same answer really is see
the organizations Network documentation
on file and then you're gonna you're
gonna basically break out all your
reports for that Assessor final one
number six determine if the inventory is
maintained that is reviewed and updated
throughout the system development life
cycle okay again is someone looking at
this stuff okay can you point to a
service ticket where you went back and
said hey Freddy and tech support on tier
one go look at the network diagram if
you want to figure out how that works
okay hopefully that's a yes uh so again
Implement see organizations Network
documentation on file again guys they're
not looking for brain surgery here
um you just got to have some ability to
basically say hey look here it is it's
in our ticketing system we can refer
back to it when needed all right awesome
and again that should cover everything
for this control but if you got 109 more
to go no worries because in on-call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dfars nist itar
and cmfc compliant stuff dropped into
their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you
and if you're looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you you can visit
cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now like literally right now if
you go there you can self-schedule time
one of our certified compliance experts
and I bet they're available right now
yeah pretty much all the time
if you love the content we're putting
out here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash that subscribe button to
get the latest compliance content as
soon as our compliance there is roll it
out until the next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one
foreign

######
Video ID: XDhhYQX4Paw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDhhYQX4Paw
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM L2-3.4.2： Establishing Secure Configuration Settings
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

cm.l2-3.4.2 establish and enforce
security configuration settings for
information technology products employed
in organizational systems oh boy I know
I'm excited too

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 1071 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so here we are cmmc control

cm.l2-3.4.2 establish and enforce
security configuration settings for
information technology products employed
in organizational systems yeah so how do
we do that right well let's break it
down in a few words first we have to
establish which can be done via
documentation of configuration settings
then we have to show that what that they
are enforced which can be done in
various ways but likely the easiest way
is to give the demonstrations of policy
enforcement in other words have the
assessor look over your shoulder and
then show them the policy baby so think
group policies showing that they're
LinkedIn enforced as one as one small
sample guys I'm have you ever been
through this right but if you're an I.T
guy right if you're a CEO stay tuned I'm
gonna give you some good stuff but hang
on because I'm gonna tell a story for
the I.T people all right have you ever
sat there and you're like looking over
somebody's shoulder and you're looking
at group policy and you're like hey man
cool policy but um it doesn't do
anything and the IT guy is like what do
you mean I'm like well you didn't right
click and actually enforce the thing or
you didn't link it those things actually
are necessary and believe it or not your
assessors are going to look for that
stuff so Mike's public service
announcement for this week is go look at
your group policy and go find out what's
enforced and what's linked and make sure
your group policies that you worked
really hard to write are actually
enforced all right now
Public Service Announcement over just
having a little bit of fun today let's
check out what the assessors are looking
for and how to make them happy first
thing an assessor is looking for
determine if security configuration
settings for information technology
products employed in the system are
established and include the Baseline
configuration so number one uh you could
I mean so the written answer is easy on
this all right see organizations Network
documentation on file right so that's
the easy answer to that one but again
what are they looking for all right they
want to know the security configuration
settings uh are actually like
established like they're in a policy or
they're in documentation and that
they're included in the Baseline
configuration so again you got to make
sure that stuff's in the actual
documentation you're ready to show it to
them be like hey this is our policy this
is what we do uh these are the rules of
our Network
assessment Point number two determine if
security configuration settings for
information technology products employed
in the system are enforced there it is I
told you it was coming if you watched
earlier this is why I implemented see
organizations Network documentation on
uh on file and shoulder surfing may be
required to view evidence of current
security configuration okay like at the
end of the day a lot of these controls
are not just gonna be like your cool off
a cool awesome written answer it's also
going to be that someone's going to come
look over your shoulder during the
actual certification assessment so uh
there's a heads up on that now if you
are a defense contractor I got a feeling
you are and you are struggling to figure
all this stuff out and you're watching
like 20 of my videos I promise watching
The Marvelous Mrs maisel and binging on
that is way better than binging on this
face I like it but not that much so if
you're binging on my face it's a great
time to remember that an on-call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who've had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliant stuff drop their laughs
like a seagull on a sunny day baby we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that is
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc complianceecrets.com
or check out the Bible below for links
to get help right now if you love the
content we're putting up out here for
you help help us out with a big thumbs
up on that like button or even better
smash the Subscribe button to get the
latest compliance content as soon as our
compliances rolled out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below and let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I
love it when you binge on my face but I
like it even better when you call us and
we can actually just get Hands-On and
give you the help you really need and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: a0_CLki_X5g
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0_CLki_X5g
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM L2-3.4.5 - Define, document, approve, and enforce physical and logical access
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freder here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control cm.
l234 do5 Define document approve and
enforce physical and logical access
restrictions associated with changes to
organizational

systems so hey if you're a def
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
of this cmmc defs and nist sp800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so uh in cmmc control cm.
l234 do5 Define document approve and
enforce physical and logical access
restrictions associated with changes to
organization ation systems I got to tell
you this is a big one and it's a control
thing that is going to take more than
just the IT department here because it's
talking about both physical and logical
security which means we've got to work
together baby yes it physical security
The Works we're all involved in this one
and lots of things uh assessors are
going to be looking for on this one so
let's get straight into it let's check
out the assessors are looking for on
this one and I think that's the fastest
way to know what will make them happy so
uh first assessment Point determined
physical access restrictions associated
with changes to the system are defined
so if we Define what physical access
restrictions exist now again we've got a
definition typically in our plan in the
beginning that talks about all of the
different elements of the physical uh
physical security system things like
door access swipes locking key cameras
you name it so again that shortens up
our answer and allows us to put a simple
answer that says physical access
restrictions are defined by the physical
premise security system and again we
should have a policy that says hey our
physical premise security system uh
contains these elements and that's how
we know that we are properly protecting
and can demonstrate that to an assessor
so again very key is to have a physical
security policy determined physical
access restrictions associated with
changes to the system are documented
physical premise security is documented
within the organization's physical
premise security system documentation
pretty simple and straightforward
determine if physical access
restrictions Associated uh with changes
to the system are approved now we start
getting into some more interesting
things physical access restrictions are
approved by the organization CIO who is
in charge of the building's physical
premise security so again now we're
naming someone who is ultimately in
charge of the building's physical
security very important we got to have
somebody who we can say is in charge of
this next determinate physical access
restrictions associated with changes to
the system are enforced the building's
physical premise security system is
enforced active and is tested daily by
all authorized users accessing the
physical premise of course right every
time you hit a door swipe that's a test
to see if it's going to work every time
you use a lock and key do we know if the
key works every time we show up on
camera the security camera the entrances
exits in security sensitive areas well
do the cameras pick us up and so that's
a daily test of the system next
determine if logical access restrictions
associate with changes to the system are
defined now be careful we're switching
from physical to logical here all of a
sudden you're going from physical
premise security to it security so again
logical access restrictions are defined
within the firewall Network
infrastructure system permissions Active
Directory Group Policy and individual
system access so again uh you know with
this we're definitely kind of moving the
needle from physical into more of an IT
world next assessment point I know this
is a big control you guys lots of
assessment points determine if logical
access restrictions associated with
changes to the system are documented uh
logical access restrictions are
documented within configuration
baselines and network documentation next
determine if logical access restrictions
associated with changes to the system
are approved logical uh access
restrictions associated with the system
changes are approved via the it ticking
system finally determine if logical
access restrictions associated with the
changes to the system are enforced aha
are they actually enabled and working
enforcement of logical access
restrictions associated with changes to
the system are executed as a part of the
it ticketing resolution process and
tested by authorized users to ensure
they get the intended result in
coordination with the IT team now I
don't know about you but that's a whole
lot of assessment points and a whole lot
of information to cover and everybody's
going to be a little bit different on
this one and it's always tough when
you've got to really have multiple
members of your team working together to
come up with the answer to a single
control so hey at on call the good news
is we can help we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
the DARS nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a a proper on call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc compliance.com or check out the bio
below to for links to help get help
right now love the content we're putting
out here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button really
means the world to us when you do that
and smash the Subscribe button to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliance ners roll it out until
the next compliance tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there and hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you next

time

######
Video ID: S6acDUPfB84
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6acDUPfB84
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM L2-3.4.6 - Employ the principle of least functionality by configuring organizati
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week and a whole lot more fumbles to
come your way uh this week we're talking
about cmmc control cm.l
2-3.4.6 and play the principle of least
functionality by configuring
organizational systems to provide only
essential capabilities

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here in on-call
compliance solution where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so
in cmmc control cm.l
2-3.4.6 employ the principle of least
functionality by configuring
organizational systems to provide only
essential capabilities I have to say
this is actually a really important
control so I know I make a lot of jokes
my videos all right and we'd like to
have a lot of fun around here but
seriously
that's right uh this one is actually
serious so again uh only let your users
do what they need to be able to do in
order to do their job that's a lot of
doing but in all seriousness people
should not be able to do things that
they're not authorized to do in your
system all right it's very very
important control don't give people more
access than they need to have okay uh it
gets them into trouble it gets you into
trouble uh just ask the people at the
Pentagon I mean like not to make a joke
about it but like what are people doing
with access to hundreds of thousands of
classified documents all right don't
give me access there's the control
you're required right here in the law to
do that so look people should only have
access to what they actually need to
work on currently in their jobs all
right the principle of making sure that
team members only have access to what
they need to perform their currently
assigned job duties and keeping that
access relevant and up to date is so
important when it comes to information
security and so under and it's so
understated too you know again like I
get it I.T guys you know just keeping
the system up and running is a lot of
work but man if you if you've got more
than like 20 30 users on you've got to
look at like that like I'll tell you
like in our company when we got past 12
we're like hey the marketing people no
offense guys shouldn't really have
access to like all kinds of really
important stuff about how we operate
like they should have access to
marketing stuff all right and that's at
12 people I walk into companies all the
time with hundreds of employees who
literally have access to everything even
the CEO stuff it's just sitting there
okay so again yes I know it's time
consuming to go peel back permissions
especially in large networks but here's
what's going to happen if you don't
someone's going to get permission of
stuff they shouldn't have and then
they're going to your competitor so
which one do you want yuck all right and
on call it's one of our top priorities
with our clients to really lock down
systems
to only what is needed for everyone okay
so again if you've got job a you should
only have access to what's needed to do
job a much better that way now let's
check out what this what the assessors
are looking for on this one how to make
them happy
first they're looking to determine if
essential system capabilities are
defined based on the principle of least
functionality so number one is have you
defined your system capabilities based
on what it is that person needs to be
doing so lots and lots of ways to do
this you can do it with organizational
units you can do it with security groups
you can do it with completely separate
systems here's a great example if you
run a security information event
management system which of course you do
because you're compliant right
and if not you're going to call us right
exactly uh not everybody needs an
account there all right only the people
who actually need to access that system
to do their job should have access that
system if I was given a sample answer
I'd say something to the extent of look
authorized users are only granted the
access and capabilities required to
complete currently assign job duties
based on the principle of lease
functionality authorized users are
restricted via permissions Group Policy
system access controls from any
capabilities not authorized by the
information owner in the it ticketing
request system access be granted uh from
whoever the information owner is so
again the idea is the information owner
makes the request the IT team executes
everything's documented a ticket and
then someone can finally be let in to
access what they need to
all right second assessment Point
determine if the system is configured to
provide only the defined essential
capabilities uh the system is tested on
a daily basis by both users and it
administrators to ensure that only
essential capabilities exist for all
users as a part of daily operations the
itus and cyber security policy requires
all system users to immediately report
unauthorized access capability
so if you are struggling trying to
figure this stuff out or
if you just need extra bandwidth okay
we can help because we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had
this DeForest nist itar cmmc compliance
stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceeekers.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as your compliance nerds
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
let us know what you'd like to know more
about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: xPvxjMAfI40
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPvxjMAfI40
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM L2-3.4.9 - Control and monitor user-installed software
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freder here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control cm. L2
d349 control and monitor user installed

software say hey if you're a defense
contractor is feeling overwhelmed tired
and alone trying to understand all of
this cmmc DS and nist sp17 compliance
stuff on top of an already uh colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's on
call compliance Hero Let's jump into it
so on cmmc control cm.
l234 do9 control and monitor user
installed software we come face to face
with the reality of best it management
practices you should not be allowing
your users to install anything they want
on their systems not your CEO not your
CFO not your coo not your floor line
users nobody okay in fact you really
shouldn't let them install anything that
you don't approve in an ideal situation
and apparently these nist requirements
mandate this practice be put into place
so now you have a real excuse to go back
and explain why this has to be put in
place because you have to by law at the
end of the day viruses spyware are
typically a result of systems where the
installation of virtually anything is
possible and software is not monitored
again it's really tough to install a
virus if it requires an ad an IT admin's
approval to keep system secure you must
be doing both let's take a look at what
the assessors are looking for on this
one so three things they're looking for
uh one determine if a policy specifying
whether white listing or black listing
is to be implemented uh and is specified
implemented so again if we were to sort
of give a sample answer here we would
say Hey look it's implemented via uh
permit by exception Group Policy so
again you can set up group policy
to make it so that you can't install
software without an escalation to an
administrative account uh endpoint
management solution so again you can use
an endpoint management solution that
restricts the installation of software
uh and so we might say endpoint
management solution also denies
malicious or unauthorized software
execution uh and then we can say our
firewall also does this too right our
firewall rules and virus policies do not
allow uh any malicious programs to be
installed or to pass through the
firewall in terms of of traffic that's
unauthorized now the second Point uh
that they're looking for is determine if
the software allowed to execute under
Whit listing or denied use under
blacklisting is specified uh so here
we'll answer software which is allowed
to execute is specified in the
organization's Baseline configuration
and network inventory documentation so
again in our documentation we're going
to talk about the software itself uh
that is allowed under white listing or
again deny all by blacklisting so this
is where your software inventory comes
into place you know you're supposed to
have that in your system security plan
and accompanying documentation and again
it's mandated here and determine if
weight listing to allow the execution of
authorized software or blacklisting to
prevent the use of unauthorized software
is implemented as
specified uh that's the third point so
if we were to answer that we'd say hey
implemented via permit by exception
Group Policy endpoint management
solution also denies malicious or
unauthorized software execution so again
description of how it gets done now hey
at on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this stars nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this all solved while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com again cmmc
compliance secrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now and if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance nerds roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

######
Video ID: oaLVm0ZzMww
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaLVm0ZzMww
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM.L2-3.4.3： Managing System Changes for Defense Contractors
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
cm.l2-3.4.3 track review approve or
disapprove and log changes to
organizational systems let's find out
what this exciting control is about

so hey if you're a defense contractor is
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist SP Hunter 101 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmfc control
cm.l2-3.4.3 track review approve or
disapprove and log changes to
organizational systems what we're
talking about here is the idea of
showing assessors how you are tracking
approving and denying changes in the
system as they happen Okay so in other
words it's not good enough to just sort
of have you know changes to the system
when it comes to security sort of just
like spoken to one another unless you're
like a three or four person company uh
but you know ultimately what they're
looking for is we want to see the
process for change in your organization
so another way of putting this is you
can demonstrate the decision-making
process and show that unauthorized
system changes actually cannot happen
without approval so again it's all about
making sure that the checks and balances
are in place especially when it comes to
security so obviously an unapproved
system change is not a good thing and in
smaller networks maybe this is not quite
such a big deal but in larger networks
as they say multiple Cooks in the
kitchen can make a super messy cake
we could have done better than that I
don't know we we could have had some
more fun with that than a cake
I don't know
I got nothing maybe we couldn't have
maybe we couldn't have come up with a
better joke
I'm gonna fire the writer anyway
so there has to be a defined process in
procedure I'm the right I know I wrote
that one I wrote it it was late at night
I was
a long night it's a really long night
can you tell all right uh so there has
to be a defined process and procedures
for doing this let's check out what the
assessors are looking for and how to
make them happy
so four things you're looking for
determine if changes to the system are
tracked uh so how do we how do we do
that right well you know
again most organizations have something
like a ticketing system
um
I don't know if I'd really feel
comfortable saying hey you know we track
this stuff via email emails kind of you
know not the best or effective way of
really tracking things it is a way uh
I'll be honest with you know we use a
ticketing system I haven't had any my
clients really go through a dipcac or
dcma audit
um you know who they're all on a
ticketing system so that's how we answer
I suppose you could do a via email but
it might be a little bit risky it might
be kind of a little uh if you're really
really small maybe you could get away
with email but you really need a system
for doing this second assessment Point
determine if changes to the system are
reviewed so are all changes are reviewed
and commented on Via the it ticketing
system here's an example from that one
somebody should be a reviewer or a
manager of the people who are doing the
actual changes right so again if you're
really really small it's a little
different but if you're if you're a
typical mid to large size business uh
again generally speaking in your systems
you're going to have someone who's
assigned to be a manager or a role
leader and they want to know there are
certain things that people can't do
without an approval and that's part of
especially when it comes to security
third assessment Point determine if
changes to the system are approved or
disapproved changes to the system are
tracked in the I.T ticketing system
determination on approval or disapproval
are kept within the ticket so again
we're going to see in the service ticket
or in the email chain that a manager
comes in says yes this is okay and then
they take it back and then the doer uh
you know sort of the the the maybe it's
an I.T technician or whoever it is is
actually executing the change in the
system they'll go make the change uh but
again someone's got to be acting to
approve that
fourth assessment Point determine if
changes to the system are logged so yes
we want to log changes that happen to
the system again all covered in the I.T
technique system but it could also be
taken care of in your seam system or
your security information event
management system again somehow you've
got to actually demonstrate to an
assessor that when things change they're
being tracked and uh and logged more
importantly again somehow there's an
ability to find out what happened when
and Trace that back over time
now if you are reading this or or shall
I say following along with me on our
Awesome YouTube channel and you are
banging your head against the wall
thinking yourself how am I going to
listen to the next 37 hours of Mike
talking to me about this amazingly
brilliant subject matter and you are
thinking to yourself I think I'm in over
my head the good news is we work with
people just like you all day long all
week long even we work with defense
contractors who really are just like you
okay supply chain defense contractors if
you even know about this stuff if you
even found my video you're probably the
people we help all right we help them
when this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff has been dropped into
their lap like a seagull on a sunny day
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that is
what becoming an on call compliance hero
can do for you my friends
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better hope smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance
centers roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

anyway

######
Video ID: Qt1OtQ3RmiI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt1OtQ3RmiI
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM.L2-3.4.4： Analyze the security impact of changes prior to implementation
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
cm.l2-3.4.4 analyzes the security impact
of changes prior to implementation
always important to read the directions
before you implement

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all of the cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmfc control cm.l
2-3.4.4 analyze the security impact of
changes priority implementation I have a
little joke about this control which is
it's kind of like a man reading the
directions okay nobody ever wants to
actually analyze what in the world of
security you know switch or control or
solution is going to do before they
actually just go throw it into place
right throw it up against the wall let's
see if it sticks and apparently somebody
thought for it and said that's not a
good idea so we better put a compliance
control in here and make sure that
doesn't happen now if you're in a larger
Network you're already familiar with
what can happen when you just start
implementing security without really
testing bad things happen heads roll jaw
jobs fly but the good news is the
process may involve reviewing security
plans and system design documentation as
well as conducting risk assessments to
determine if additional security
controls are required the objective of
the analysis is to is to assess the
potential impact of changes on the
security posture of the system and to
ensure that changes do not introduce new
vulnerabilities or degrade the
effectiveness of existing controls now
how about you guys but I once saw a
YouTube video and it had a dude with a
chainsaw between his legs trying to pull
the cord and start the chainsaw
that's kind of like implementing
security uh control or or implementing
security uh you know you know security
changes without analyzing whether or not
they're going to work all right so from
me to you because I care about you don't
hold the chainsaw between your legs when
you're trying to start it it's a really
bad idea and the impact I can I can do
that analysis for you it's not good we
don't want to do that all right let's
check out what what is what the
assessors are looking for on this one
and how to make them happy
um
they're actually only looking for one
thing apparently this is a pretty easy
control one they want to determine if
the security impact of changes to the
system is analyzed prior to
implementation I would never guess
that's what they were looking for on
this control no way would I guess that
maybe I would all right uh what's the
answer to it so again we're gonna say
hey security impacts for analyzing
considered both during ticket processing
and during quarterly risk management
meetings so again when we sort of look
at the whole framework of how we are
making ourselves compliant we can point
to these various meetings and standard
operating procedures and all this
documentation that we've developed
demonstrating what are processes and
procedures are for making sure that
things are realistically considered
before they're put into place and that's
really all you could ask for and so I
understand why there's really only one
thing they're looking for in order to
pass you on this control now at on call
I'll tell you what we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
all this dfars nist I torrents cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seal on a sunny day and we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and if you look looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you okay visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance owners
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: -gxDzR4h8Dc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gxDzR4h8Dc
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM.L2-3.4.7 - Restrict, disable, or prevent the use of nonessential programs, funct
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control cm .l2 Dash 3.4.7 restrict
disabler prevent the use of
non-essential programs functions ports
protocols and services let's get into it

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc
dfars and nist sp80171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance solution where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmmc control
cm.l2-3.4.7 restrict disabler prevent
the use of non-essential programs
functions ports protocols and services
uh hey look same basic principle about
not letting people access files and
systems they don't need access to to
perform their currently assigned job
duties let's extend it all right let's
also make sure that we eliminate access
to any other capabilities that they have
right so now it's not just accessing you
know files and things like that uh now
we want to just straight up just we want
to disable their ability to do dumb
things like that's the really the best
way to explain it all right don't let
them have
bit torrent ports open on the network
they don't need it they don't you're
paying for the bandwidth shut it down
all right fastest way to get in trouble
is leave your front door open at night
maybe you leave some milk and cookies
for the bad guys to come in at the front
door right it only works one time a year
guys that's Christmas and you have to
leave by the chimney anyway uh the point
is is again we just really want to be
able to restrict and disable anything uh
you know that would allow someone to get
in and do bad things or our people to
get out and do dumb things that's
probably the best way to say it all
right so let's check out what the
assessors are looking for on this one
how to make them happy
first assessment Point determine if
essential programs are defined oh we got
to Define programs yes essential
programs are defined by the IT team uh
only the IT team can allow program
installation right so that's the first
thing if you're an I.T director okay the
first thing you do is you get in there
and you stop people from installing all
kinds of Rogue software okay sorry if
you're an I.T director to be with your
company's big enough that your people
shouldn't just be installing things they
need to be restricted and you need to
know what's going on all right so
essential programs are defined in the
Baseline configuration documentation
right and you have that because you have
a system security plan and you
we have that right of course you do so
again Baseline configuration is going to
determine what the what the programs are
that are allowed you're going to
restrict everything else and then you're
going to allow by exception anything
else coming in so that's a great way to
do it all right determine if use of
non-essential programs is defined uh
non-essential programs are not allowed
to be installed on organizational
systems uh you want to deny all of those
so here's a great example okay
non-essential programs you know you may
do this with several different
methodologies right you may do it by
restricting by individual program name
we probably don't really need a whole
bunch of computer games on here we
certainly want to eliminate things like
BitTorrent you know known BitTorrent
programs uh you know things like that
again whatever is normal but you know it
Candy Crush you probably don't need
Candy Crush except for the CEO he can go
into a DMZ and do whatever he wants but
everybody else no Candy Crush so again
they want you to prove uh you know via
VIA showing them you know firewall you
know configurations or whatever it is
that non-essential programs are defined
maybe it's Group Policy however you're
restricting those those those programs
are being installed third assessment
Point determine if the use of
non-essential programs is restricted
okay disabled or prevented as defined
non-essential programs are not allowed
to be installed on organizational
systems uh deny all permit by exception
that is how we would set it up if we
were involved but again the idea really
is is that you know hopefully you've got
some group policy or just general some
kind of policy in place lots and lots of
ways to do it
um you know again
we don't have a sponsorship so we'll
talk about any particular software
Solutions but there's lots of stuff out
there that allows for uh software to be
restricted on installation
but if you happen to be called VMware
and you want to sponsor one of our
videos we can definitely talk about your
solution how it can solve for a bunch of
these nist controls hit me up in the DMS
all right determine if essential
functions are defined essential
functions are defined by those functions
authorized to execute by and in this
case we're going to say Group Policy all
right because that's a great way to do
that uh and you know there's lots and
lots of ways okay lots of ways you can
have third-party programs that set up
what can and can't be installed uh Group
Policy security groups ous you name it
right all that stuff applies so hey and
on call we work with defense contractors
just like you who've had this defars
nist itar and cmmc compliant stuff
dropping their laps like a seagull on a
sunny day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps great
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmccompliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: eqz38MsiNvc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqz38MsiNvc
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control CM.L2-3.4.8 - Apply deny-by-exception (blacklisting) policy to prevent the use of
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control cm.l2-3.4.8

apply deny by exception blacklisting
policy to prevent the use of
unauthorized software or deny all permit
by exception white listing policy to
allow the execution of authorized
software

okay
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliant
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it cmmc control
cm.l2-3.4.8 apply deny by exception
blacklisting policy to prevent the use
of unauthorized software or deny all
permit by exception wait listing policy
to allow the execution of authorized
software okay so here we really uh are
getting into some of the hard
requirements where they don't give you
so much leeway and how the system is
configured right so they're sort of
setting some hard requirements on this
one you must either Blacklist or
whitelist software many ways to do this
many solutions on there uh you know out
there from stuff that's built into
windows and Microsoft server to you know
also aftermarket Solutions but the
bottom line is you must demonstrate that
you have clear control over the software
that is installed on your system so the
users can't just do whatever they want
right obviously it's a pretty big
security issue if users are able to just
randomly install whatever software they
want meaning that anybody that might get
remote control over their computer could
also do the same thing so not a good
thing and we just need tighter control
over the software and what those
computers are able to do so let's dive
into details to see what the assessors
are looking for on this one a couple
things you're looking for uh three
things actually determine if a policy
specifying whether whitelisting or
blacklisting is to be implemented is
specified now it's kind of interesting
because the first step in this is hey is
there a policy at all basically
whitelisting blacklisting doesn't matter
but do you have a policy one of the most
common answers I think you'll probably
see is going to be something to the
extent of hey Group Policy defines that
only white listed software is allowed to
be installed and only by authorized it
administrators in accordance with an
authorized request through the
organization's I.T ticketing system here
again the example really is is that the
group policy is going to be the what is
controlling the software and of course
normally you would probably set Group
Policy as a best practice to say hey all
the administrators can install software
assessment Point number two determine if
the software allowed to execute under
whitelisting or denied under
blacklisting is specified the software
Allowed by whitelist uh IE permit is
specified in the organization's Baseline
configuration and network inventory
documentation so again we're going to
specify exactly where it is how it
operates and of course where it's
documented assessment Point number three
determinative white listing to allow the
execution of authorized software or
blacklisting to prevent the use of
unauthorized software is implemented as
specified again Group Policy restricting
execution of authorized is implemented
users may only execute whitelisting
permitted software for which their user
account has access which is granted
permitting by privilege I.T
administrators now if you want an
example of blacklisting another example
of that could potentially be something
like hey we have antivirus in place
along with firewall policies that will
Blacklist any program that does this
function so maybe communicates on the
same supports as maybe
torrent programs something like that so
again there's lots and lots of ways to
answer this question hopefully those
examples help out quite a bit and of
course at on call we help defense
contractors just like you who've had all
of this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this all solved while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you if
you visit cmmc compliance secrets.com or
you can check out the description below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out there
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
that subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance nerds roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about well when it
comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one

######
Video ID: 6-sjJvBDc90
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-sjJvBDc90
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA L2-3.5.5 - Prevent reuse of identifiers for a defined period.
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freighter here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrolia.l 2-3.5.5
prevent the ReUse of identifiers for a
defined period of time

if you're a defense contractor is
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone try
and understand all of this cmmc dfars
and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff on
top of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump let's throw
on the cape and let's jump into it
cmfccontrolia.l 2-3.5.5 prevent the
ReUse of identifiers for a defined
period of time well here's the first
question what the heck is an identifier
anyone I mean seriously again could we
just talk in plain English here for a
minute this stuff is Tough Enough all
right I don't get it
actually it turns out that what we've
got is some pretty smart people on staff
here and we do actually get it turns out
somebody fed me the right script this
time all right an identifier is
something that identifies an account or
person as unique so a great example
would be an active directory username
okay that is an identifier maybe they
have a unique system ID that's an
identifier
why don't you want to reuse an
identifier because let's say Bob Smith's
our CEO and access to everything uh is
his right he's got access to everything
he leaves and a year later Barbara Smith
comes to work assumes the same
identifier as B Smith and magically
Barbara's got access to all kinds of fun
stuff she should not have had all very
preventable by just not reusing the
identifiers so to dig in more let's look
at precisely what the assessors are
looking for on this one
two points of assessment here determine
if a period within which identifiers
cannot be reused is identified or excuse
me defined uh so number one we can just
sort of throw in a random answer here so
we'll say a period of 10 days or one
week is defined within the it operations
policy so again the idea is set whatever
the amount of time is where that
identity uh you know won't be reused
maybe it is it will never be reused uh
and again I think that's really what the
control is calling for determine if
reusive identifiers is prevented within
the defined period identifiers cannot be
reused within the defined period because
the identifier is disabled but still
exists leaving it unable to be reused so
again if you're never deleting the user
out of active directory you're just
going to disable the account boom it's
really impossible for it to be reused
unless someone wants to reactivate it
which again you would just have to have
a policy they don't do that now at on
call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this D fars
nist itar and cmmc compliance stuff
dropped in their laps like a single on a
sunny day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out there
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance starts roll it out a 10x
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

thank you foreign

######
Video ID: O9p5yO-4Eso
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9p5yO-4Eso
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA L2-3.5.6 Disable identifiers after a defined period of inactivity
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week today we're talking about cmmc
control

ia.l2-3.5.6 disable identifiers after a
defined period of inactivity

all right let's talk about it so control
uh cmmc control

ia.l2-3.5.6 disable identifiers after a
defined period of inactivity uh well of
course the first real question is what
on Earth is an identifier uh that is
indeed a great question uh identifiers
are typically the key field related to a
user which uniquely identifies them and
typically doesn't change a great example
of an identifier might be a username
although it doesn't have to be it could
be an account identifier but a lot of
times people most commonly associate it
with a username uh something that
uniquely identifies that user account
probably would have been easier if they
had just used the term account instead
of identifier making everybody run to
Google and try to take a wild swinging
guess at what this thing is but again
this is a standard it has to be designed
to the best of its ability to fit the
widest variety of systems the language
used is you know a challenge for sure
now why is this so important right let's
really why is it important well the more
accounts that have access to things the
larger the number of accounts the larger
the number of Potential Threat factors
through those accounts exist when
accounts sit idle and don't have their
passwords changed or users accessing
them to report odd activity happening
with those accounts over time the risk
continues to grow that someone will be
able to hack in and gain inappropriate
or unauthorized access so this control
stops that by saying hey look uh make a
defined period of time and disable those
accounts make sure that they don't just
sort of openly have access forever
and ever and ever
so let's dive into what the assessors
are looking for on this one to get a
better understanding so they're looking
for two things one is determining if a
period of inactivity after which an
identifier is disabled is actually
defined uh yeah some somewhere we have
to Define how this works so I'll give
you a great example identifiers are
disabled after a period of 365 days of
inactivity per the it operations policy
yes some written policy may be a great
way to do this user account status is
reviewed at a minimum annually right so
we're going to explain how we're
reviewing this it service tickets are
created upon review to task disabling
identifiers after this period of
activity now again this is sort of a
more small to medium company kind of way
to handle things right so we're
essentially using some manual
interaction with the system to prove
that we're able to disable that
inactivity or those inactive accounts
after they've passed that 365 days again
we're gonna have to really get this
documented well otherwise it won't it
won't really pass
second assessment Point determine if
identifiers are disabled after the
defined period of activity so again the
assessor is going to be looking for can
I prove that they're disabled we're
going to say this is implemented review
Baseline configuration review and
compare to current system configuration
so again in our Baseline configuration
we're probably going to be able to see
those accounts and how long they've been
active or when the last login occurred
and again compared to current system
configuration to make sure that any
group policies or anything like that
they're in place to help with this are
actually working so again this one's a
little bit more technically complex to
figure out how to do this but again lots
of ways to do it again manual
intervention sometimes is needed to
solve for some of these controls there
is a human element so hey if you're
trying to get compliant with dfars nist
SP 10171 or cmmc on your own and you're
looking for help our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links that will make your
life easy okay seriously check out the
description below amazing stuff it'll be
really helpful to you it doesn't cost a
thing there there you can find more
information about how we can help
self-schedule time at your convenience
with one of our compliance experts
through any form on a website or learn
more about our completely done for you
services that can have you on your way
to being compliant in just two to three
days and hey if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash that
subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance service roll it out it's a
great way to stay prepared for that
upcoming cmmc certification that
everybody's going to have to go through
all right until the next compliance tip
my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to learn
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one

thank you

anyway

######
Video ID: vAo7vff3INw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAo7vff3INw
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA L2-3.5.7 - Enforce a minimum password complexity and change of characters when
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for you here
with on call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

ia.l2-3.5.7 and force a minimum password
complexity and change of characters when
new passwords are created

so hey if you're a defense contractor is
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff on top
of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions and we can help you transform
into your company's on-call compliance
Hero Let's jump into it

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.7 and force a
minimum password complexity and change
of characters when new passwords are
created okay pretty straightforward on
this one but again remember not
everybody understands the concept of
Group Policy yes you can for sure set a
group policy rule to enforce this but
what about everyone with individual
computer systems right what about those
it still has to be enforced thankfully
many of Microsoft cloud systems such as
Office 365 GCC high and other common
systems mostly come with this configured
however you must verify this is the case
anywhere cui is stored so again remember
this is for systems where cui are stored
you just can't assume that password
complexity is turned on everywhere
without checking or you will look a
little silly when your CEO's password
shows up as
password
let's see exactly what the assessors are
looking for on this one
four things you're looking for number
one determine a password complexity
requirements are defined uh and again
easiest place to Define this is going to
be in group policy you can certainly do
it other ways but to give you one sample
answer we'll just say hey looking Group
Policy two determine if password change
of character requirements are defined
this is implemented via again Group
Policy right so we'll Define the number
of days very important okay we have had
Auditors come back and say hey you
didn't tell us how many days in your
system security plan so I'll just throw
it through a random number like 45 days
determine if minimum password complexity
requirements are defined and enforced
when new passwords are created okay this
is implemented via Group Policy minimum
of 12 characters okay just an example
you don't have to use 12. uh determine
if minimum password change of character
requirements as defined are enforced
when new passwords are created kind of a
funny one to throw in there but yes it
is important to make sure your group
policies are actually enforced so they
will test that okay that's probably a
controller they're going to test all
right now if you are looking at all of
this and scratching your head and maybe
something else and trying to figure out
what in the world you're going to do
about all of these controls here's the
good news at on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be prop be
a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliances roll
it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
and hit us in the comments below to let
us know what you'd like to know more
about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: 9W3r9jq0QVk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9W3r9jq0QVk
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L1-3.5.1 - Identifying System Users, Processes, and Devices
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

ia.l2-3.5.1 identify system users
processors acting on behalf of users and
devices

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.1 identify system
users processes acting on behalf of
users and devices now this is an
interesting control for a few reasons
first is that you would think that this
is just something that is built into
virtually any software system but as it
turns out there are many instances where
you may have a shared computer
environment great examples may be Labs
manufacturing production floors and
other open format offices so because of
that nist mandates that if the computer
can access cui you must be able to
individually identify who is using the
machine somehow this can definitely
create some comp applicated scenarios
but the good news is we have been able
to find solvency for every one of them
if you have a complicated work
environment and need to meet this
requirement I like to invite you to give
us a call and speak with one of our
compliance experts who can help with the
answer to your specific scenario again
it's not okay to just have open
workstations that people work on you
have no idea who's really behind the
keyboard you have to solve for that with
nist there are definitely ways to do it
and we can help but for now let's look
and see what the assessors are looking
for and we'll throw some sample answers
your way to make life a little easier so
three assessment points you're looking
for on this one number one determine if
system users are identified so do you
know who your users are uh that one's
pretty easy system users are identified
by privileged identity management and
active directory that's a great one uh
again can you use local user accounts I
don't see why not as long as you've got
a seam solution that can actually track
that uh assessment Point number two
determine if processes acting on behalf
of the users are identified processes
acting on behalf of users are identified
via the same solution so again we've
already gone through in previous videos
what the seam solution is in case you're
new to our channel it's security
information and event management and if
you don't know what that is that might
be a sign it's time to call us all right
assessment Point number three determine
if devices accessing the system are
actually identified devices identified
via system logs sent to seam solution
active directory IP address and Mac
address so again there's a lot of
different ways to identify the device
itself that's accessing it again IPM Mac
address are definitely there and those
things get logged in your semen ad and
all kinds of other places so again I
want to make sure we can identify not
just the people the pro but also the
processes and of course the devices as
well so uh an on-call if uh if you're
new to our videos we help defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfars nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropped in their laps like a seal
on a sunny day we teach you how to level
up and be a proper on-call compliance
hero for your company eliminating gaps
great areas and getting this solved all
while showing you how to leverage
compliance is your secret weapon to land
more Defense work with higher profit
margins now that's what becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you you can visit
cmfccompliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
the big thumbs up on that like button or
even better smash the Subscribe button
to get the latest compliance content as
soon as our compliance Center is rolling
out until next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and I'll see you on the next
one

all right

######
Video ID: vLbVagLk4ho
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLbVagLk4ho
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L1-3.5.2： Authenticate and Verify Access
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
you guessed it I'm back with another
compliance tip of the week this week
we're talking about cmmc control ia.l
2-3.5.2 authenticate or verify the
identities of users processes or devices
as a prerequisite to allowing access to
organizational systems imagine that you
have to actually be identified to get in

okay
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it
cmfccontrolia.l 2-3.5.2 that's a
mouthful but a bigger mouthful is the
word authenticate that also is a
mouthful between them there's like 15
syllables there I can't even count how
many syllables that really is but it's
like two words it looks really long to
me and I'm still talking about them all
right authenticate or verify the
identities of users processes or devices
as a prerequisite to allowing access to
organizational systems this control
works to define the image of how a
system should operate when it is
compliant so again really all they're
doing is they're just sort of painting
you a picture of what it's okay to look
like if a system is going to hold cui in
order to gain access any device or user
or process should have to validate who
or what it is to gain access not just be
plugged in and magically start working
so again it's not okay to have open file
shares it's not okay to just have things
on the network that anyone could plug in
and access and that's what this control
defines now let's see what the assessors
are looking for on this one three points
of assessment they're looking for number
one
determine if the identity of each user
is authenticated or verified as a
prerequisite to system access so is it
great question I don't know uh if we
were to answer this question we might
say hey this is implemented via active
directory privileged identity management
uh or even multi-factor authentication
again you don't necessarily have to be
on a domain in order to do this
multi-factor authentication is
definitely a sign of identifying a user
assessment Point number two determine if
the identity of each user excuse me each
process acting on behalf of the user is
authenticated or verified as a
prerequisite to system access
this is implemented via active directory
privileged identity management and MFA
again same sort of mechanisms uh will
act to also authenticate the processes
now assessing Point number three
determine if the identity of each device
accessing or connecting to the system is
authenticated or verified as a
prerequisite to system access okay so
again now it's about the device system
devices accessing cui are tokenized as a
part of the multi-factor authentication
process now that's the example that we
happen to give using the idea that your
device has somehow been tokenized great
example is Office 365 GCC high again we
can help to tokenize that device as a
part of the authentication process are
there other ways to do it absolutely
right you can Define the device in a
firewall to say hey if this device isn't
recognized don't allow traffic to or
from it there's lots and lots of ways
out there but we just want to give that
that tokenization as as the example
because it's probably the most common
one out there
now if you're a defense contractor and I
know you are just like uh just like uh
just like you just like I'll screw that
one up but I'm gonna keep on rolling
because we only do these videos in one
take we don't have time for more takes
got no time for that so we'll just start
over again while I make everybody in the
background laugh all right and on call
we work with defense contractors just
like you to make incredibly terrible
jokes because that's a whole lot better
than having to figure out how you're
going to get dfar's nist itar and cmfc
compliant on your own and if you're like
me and this compliant stuff just got
dropped into your lap like a seagull on
a sunny day the good news is we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved always show you how to
leverage compliances your secret weapon
let's land more Defense work with higher
profit margins now that's what becoming
an on-call compliance hero can do for
you like I'm saving this video by doing
it in one take yes looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now and if you love the content out here
or me saving videos from having to be
edited like 50 times well guess what you
can help us out by giving us a big
thumbs up on that like button below or
even better help us out Hulk smash that
subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until the next
complex it my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: lM0SLX0z7Ks
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM0SLX0z7Ks
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L2-3.5.10 - Store and transmit only cryptographically-protected passwords.
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

because it's The Final Countdown no
actually we're like dead in the middle
of the controls we're not even close but
hey everybody it's Mike frieder with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week and if you're binge watching me you
got a lot more binging to do baby let's
get ready to purge all right this week
we're talking about cmfc control

ia.l2-3.5.10 store and transmit only
cryptographically protected passwords

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I have great news for you
you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
a cmfc control ia.l 2-3.5.10 store and
transmit only cryptographically
protected passwords now on the surface
you might think to yourself well of
course passwords would be encrypted but
here's the thing windows isn't the only
place UI is stored many companies create
their own systems and processes in order
to serve their own unique needs in some
cases this requires them to create
custom programs which often do not
follow security best practices there's a
hint all right if you have an in-house
design program it's probably not all
that secure and you should probably have
somebody actually do a Security review
of it in any event no matter how you are
working with passwords you must make
sure they are stored and transmitted in
an encrypted way even if you've I had
the software developed yourself guys I'm
just going to tell you I've had a ton of
applications over a 20 plus year career
developed and I'm just going to tell you
that unless you specifically ask your
programmer to encrypt the passwords
they're going to put the that password
field it's gonna be a clear text field
and SQL all right nine times out of ten
I'm not even kidding it's just gonna be
sitting there for anybody to be able to
scan uh you know or packet sniff all
right let's look more into what the
assessors are looking for on this one
two big controls all right determinive
passwords are cryptographically
protected in storage uh again here's an
example I'll just kind of pull out the
easy button here active directory stores
passwords required for system access
active director utilizes Des for
backwards compatibility and then with
CNG bcrypt AES 256-bit encryption which
is fips 140-2 compliant that's the
official answer I would probably give
all right determinative passwords are
cryptographically protected in transit
uh again talk about the Windows system
right the NT hash is protected by two
layers of encryption in transit and then
of course the final third assessment
point we would say hey look passwords
are actually never really sent in
transit there's a tokenized system and
again we just want to make sure that
passwords are not sent remotely there so
and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you to come up
with awesome answers like that okay if
you've had this defars nist itar and
cmfc compliance stuff dropped into your
lap like a seagull on a sunny day the
good news is we teach you how to level
up and be a proper on-call compliance
hero for your company we help you
eliminate gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliances your secret weapon
to land more Defense work with higher
profit margins now that's what becoming
an on-call compliance hero can do for
you if you're looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to subscribe button to hit the
Subscribe but sorry I have to say it
three times because I can tell you
haven't subscribed yet so I'm just just
hit the Subscribe button just do it it
makes me it makes us happy like it
actually like literally I don't know if
you know this or not quick quick window
into our marketing department here at
oncall when there is a subscribe button
that gets pressed there's actually a
Gong in the corner and we all hit the
gong it's actually a race to the gong
it's kind of a funny thing okay we do it
it's like that's our win because in
marketing we don't do sales we just we
hit the gong because we got new
subscribers or we hit a New Prospect or
you know whatever you know how it goes
anyway until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
make us hit the gong by subscribing and
I'll see you in the next one

all right

######
Video ID: 8dfWG6H3JDg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dfWG6H3JDg
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L2-3.5.11 - Obscure feedback of authentication information
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week you know my favorite thing is
so we have a remote control to this
camera right and when we remote control
the camera so it doesn't shake right so
it doesn't do the right so it doesn't
shake right and what I've noticed is
that our our camera guy he will really
hit that record button with gusto in the
background so he like throws it down
like it's a baseball bat
and I don't know if it helps the camera
come on any faster but it's pretty funny
to watch all right this week we're
talking about cmmc control
ia.l2-3.5.11 obscure feedback of
authentication information whatever the
world obscure means I'm gonna have to
dictionary it while I play you this
awesome intro

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp-800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here in on-call
compliance Solutions we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it cmmc
control ia.l
2-3.5.11 obscure feedback of
authentication information you know
sometimes I think to myself man they
probably could have worded these
controls a little bit better than this
but maybe they couldn't have maybe
obscure is an obscure word maybe I just
don't like the word obscure like I don't
like the word moist there's just
something weird about the word moist
like if you say it three times fast
it sounds weird
anyway obscure is kind of a weird word
that's where I'm going with this
if you went somewhere else
it's not my fault
what this control is really referring to
is when you are typing in your password
you should not just be able to see the
typed in password okay you should see
dots or asterisks or emojis or anything
but the password in case someone

is looking over your shoulder or through
a screen share
like some creepy tech support guy

I don't know any of those the idea is no
looky-loos should be able I should be
able to get these damn it ah but we're
not editing this tape because we don't
do that here on this channel way too
lazy for that
but lookie lose is a really funny word
from the 70s might have been the 60s I
don't know I wasn't born until the 80s
so I couldn't tell you but the idea is
no looky loose should be able to get
your passwords especially in systems
which contain cui now let's see what the
assessors are looking for on that one
uh uh well the good news is they're not
looking for much there's only one
assessment Point here determine if
authentication information is obscured
during the authentication process
duh all right implement it as
authentication information is entered it
is obscured by generic characters during
the authentication process and basically
this is another one of those sort of
demonstration controls you could write
the answer all you want and you will
right there's the answer but ultimately
we're going to wind up
um uh showing an assessor how this works
so hey and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfar's nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into the laps
like I see you on a sunny day baby we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon so I have more Defense
work with higher profit margins now that
is what becoming an on-call compliance
hero can do for you if you're looking
for more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance starts roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: 9BgQ29XQz3o
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BgQ29XQz3o
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L2-3.5.3 - Use multifactor authentication for local and network access to
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week where you'll watch me try to
not burp during this video after
drinking carbonated water to make it so
I can talk to you hey this week we're
talking about

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.3 use multi-factor
authentication for local and network
access to privileged accounts and for
network access to non-privileged
accounts let's find out

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to figure out all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp171 compliance stuff on
top of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's con-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.3 use multi-factor
authentication for local and network
access to privileged accounts and for
network access to non-provised accounts
yes this is the one it creates the big
giant Nightmare and everybody hates it
but guess what
it also happens to be the one control
that will save your tokis right because
ultimately at the end of the day
multi-factor authentication is probably
the greatest invention for uh you know
network security and just generally
information security that's come around
in the last I don't know how many years
so there's a big challenge control a lot
of people have trouble with this one
from a cultural perspective to make
people do MFA for everything that
touches Cy is a big deal for some people
okay after years of working with clients
on this here's what I can tell you
if you have network access as an example
a map network drive you're going to need
MFA to access that data Maybe on
computer sign on however you need to do
it same with anything others any any
other system which contains cui you have
to have MFA your email if your email is
Office 365 GCC hi MFA better be turned
on okay if you've got an accounting
system and it's got It's got accounting
data that includes cui you better have
MFA to sign into it all right however
you'll notice that MFA is not required
for local standard user access a lot of
people miss this and make their lives a
whole lot harder okay however you'll
notice that MFA is not required for
local standard user access to cui when
the cuis on that user's Machine by the
way we also do these videos in exactly
one take because I'm way too lazy to
actually start over again very
interesting that is just a small hint of
where mfa's requirements may be easier
to implement than you think all right
I'm gonna go back over that again
because in all of my little bantering
there was actually an important point in
there so again if you're a standard user
non-admin and if you have cui only
locally on your computer and you can't
access that via you know some other
method over a network like a map network
drive from your computer which would be
unusual sort of uh then you don't
actually have to have MFA to get into
the local computer if you're a standard
user not an admin user okay so there is
this loophole from for basically
standard users on the network where they
don't actually have to have MFA to sign
in their computer a lot of people miss
that all right your buddy Mike this guy
okay hooking you up trying to make life
a little bit easier at least all right
let's jump into what the assessors are
looking for on this one and try to not
hit any potholes
now four things they're assessing for
one determine if privileged accounts are
identified that's pretty easy right of
course they're identified you look at
active directory and boom there's a you
know uh people in the admin Security
Group and people not in the admin
Security Group as an example all right
session Point number two determine if
multi-factor authentication is
implemented for local access to
privileged accounts so again if you're
an administrator okay and if the system
you're logging into has cui you must
have MFA implemented for all accounts
able to access cui all right pretty
straightforward determine if
multi-factor authentication is
implemented for network access to
privileged accounts okay now we're going
over a network to a privileged account
okay MFA is implemented for all accounts
able to access cui would be a really
great answer if you have it or MFA is
enabled on all accounts which have
network access to cui that'd be another
good answer both those are acceptable
now final final assessment point in
terms multi-factor authentication
implant for network access to
non-probo's accounts so if you're on a
network let's say you're in a domain
you've got your computer you got a
server the server's got cui on it you're
going to need MFA in order to open up
that map network drive so you can either
do it that way you can do MFA on sign
into the computer whatever you want to
do but MFA has to be somewhere in the
equation before you touch cui if it's
over the network note that they are not
assessing whether you have MFA on your
local machine or not that's not an
assessment point because that's not
right again you can have cui on your
local device you can do that you can
physically secure that device which is
the alternative to MFA but if it's okay
what over the network or it's a
privileged account you got to have MFA
if you're scratching your head
if you're scratching something else
and
you're trying to figure out what am I
going to do
it's not a multi-factor authentication
on my network seems like a
head scratcher a giant burden maybe
something really tough to do here's the
good news uh an on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their
lapsed like a seal on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminate any gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that is what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you
and if you want more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you all right visit
cmmccompliancecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you or my
incredibly disgusting burps help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance help
as soon as our compliances roll it out
until the next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there and hit
us in the comments below to let us know
what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: ftI-5-sHZeo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftI-5-sHZeo
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L2-3.5.4 - Employ replay-resistant authentication mechanisms for network access
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about CMC
control
ia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay resistant
authentication mechanisms for network
access to privileged and non-privileged
accounts

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc
defars and nist SP 800171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay
resistant authentication mechanisms for
network access to privileged and
non-privileged accounts what's an
instant replay just kidding what is
replay resistant it essentially means
that if someone captured your keystrokes
via a key logger they would be able that
they would not be able to play back your
keystrokes and get into your system how
do you do that there are a lot of
different ways to do this but primarily
you're looking at the concept of
implementing a rolling key or
multi-factor authentication type of
solution here's an example if you enter
your username and password and that's it
that doesn't change so someone capturing
and replaying your keystrokes could get
in however if you have a three-part
sign-in with a username a password and
an MFA key or token which rolls over
every few seconds replaying that
combination will not work to Grant
access pretty cool if you ask me but hey
I don't actually count because I don't
make the rules all right let's look at
what hey you know what this is cool the
assessor is only looking for like one
thing determine if replay resistant
authentication mechanisms are
implemented for network account access
to privilege and non-progos accounts now
what's the answer this it's simpler than
you think MFA is implemented for all
accounts able to access cui right so
same answer as last control so you don't
really have to actually do anything
unique but what you do need to know is
that MFA really is sort of your golden
ticket to stopping replay attacks pretty
cool if you ask me
and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had
this DeForest nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in your laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit
cmmcc-complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance starts
roll it out a 10x compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
and us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one

okay

######
Video ID: c4p51NX3ps4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4p51NX3ps4
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L2-3.5.8 - Prohibit password reuse for a specified number of generations
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control ia.l
2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for a
specified number of generations

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP Hunter 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got green news for
you you've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it cmmc control
ia.l2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for
a specified number of generations no
we're not talking about your parents
we're talking about Generations okay so
on this one it's another great best
practice reminder that's really all this
is it's one thing to require users to
change their passwords but we also must
remember that users are creatures of
habit they will literally flip back and
forth between the same two passwords if
you let them ask me how I know so this
control mandates that we look at the
settings for how many generations of
passwords in other words how many times
can you use the same passwords in a row
to remember and make sure it's specified
and I recommend a little bit more than
just two or three passwords what this
prevents is a compromised password from
coming back into rotation and allowing
for attack so let's take into what the
assessors are really going to look for
and what they have to say on this one
all right two points of assessment here
determine if the number of generations
during which a password cannot be reused
is specified uh again we would say most
likely that this is implemented via
group policy or system policy of some
kind and then we might throw out a
number let's just say like 10 right uh
again you can't repeat the password for
at least 10 different Generations next
assessment Point determine if reusive
password is prohibited during the
specified number of generations
again here we would say this is
implemented via the group policy so
again Group Policy probably the easiest
way to do it you may have some other
configuration or setting depending upon
what system you're in but in this
example we'll just give the easy one
which is to say hey look at group policy
now if you're a defense contractor uh
and you have had this stuff dropped into
your lap like a seagull on a sunny day
the good news is at on-call we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins yes I want to show
you how to actually win more Defense
work all right and with higher profit
margins so important now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance that
as soon as our compliancers roll it out
until the next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there and hit
us in the comments below to let us know
what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: eMVvmJyvGGM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMVvmJyvGGM
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IA.L2-3.5.9 - Allow temporary password use for system logons with an immediate
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike fried here with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week did I cut off the first minute of
that am I all right no yeah you want me
to start over again because everybody
loves hearing me say that again no yeah
all right this week we're talking about
cfmc control ia.l 2-3.5.9 sometimes you
start recording a video and you just
know it's going to be incredibly awesome
like when you chug carbonated water
right before you start reading and then
you screw up the intro
um but hey it's YouTube and honestly
listening to me blubber my videos is
probably better than the actual
compliance content right so hey cmfc
control
ia.l2-3.5.9 allow temporary password
reuse uh excuse me allow temporary
password my goal I'm going to scrub
every three words and then make a joke
about it they'll take 15 words
making this script way longer than it
really needs to be uh so much for a
production schedule this week we're
talking about

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.9 allow temporary
password use for system logons with an
immediate change to pass to a permanent
password

thank you

all right so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
this cmmc dfars and nist sp171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance hero or
just a burping blunder just kidding all
right let's jump into it
cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.9

allow temporary password use for system
logons with an immediate change to a
permanent password anytime I see the
word immediate and it's like an official
word immediate not like I put the word
immediate in there I feel like I need to
say like immediate like with a lot of
immediate emphasis on it
I don't know if you guys feel the same
way but they immediately like there's no
delay in changing your password if
you're changing your password
has to be immediate there's no delaying
there's no going to the bathroom in the
middle of changing your password
apparently anyway so yes in systems
which contain cui we are essentially
having to Define how password reset
functionality will work uh the way this
control is described describes the only
real secure way of making sure that When
an Admin resets a password that they
that they won't be able to continue
knowing what the password is in the
future so again here's the danger all
right you reset the password as an admin
because you get a password reset request
but then you know what it is so you have
to sort of be able to immediately
mandate that they change it
uh again this is a critical security
best practice it should be built into
most systems and to describe more let's
jump into what the assessors are
actually looking for here so only one
assessment point it's a pretty simple
control determine if an immediate change
to a permanent password is required when
a temporary password is used for system
logon again we would give an answer
saying hey this is implemented all in
all cases of password reset users must
change their temporary passwords the
first time they're logged in again this
is more of a demonstrate kind of control
you're gonna have to actually show an
assessor how to actually you know how
your system works and verify that it
actually does and hey at on-call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this dvars nist itar and
cmmc compliant stuff dropped into apps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance Bureau
can do for you
uh if you're looking for more help
getting compliant you're in the right
place because our compliance experts are
always on call for you you can visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button if this is like let's be honest
all right let's take a pause if this is
like your fourth video today that you've
watched and you haven't subscribed
you owe me a click you owe me just it's
like check this out right you move your
hand like this far down that's how much
effort is involved and then a lot of
effort is involved in doing that just
practice do do it do it one on the like
one of the Subscribe one on the like one
of the Subscribe that's it that's the
motion that helps us out it's a big deal
it's such a big deal I think I'll pause
the video tell you more about it I'm
just kidding but but in all seriousness
I love it that you watch our videos and
we have to have this conversation
because you may not have subscribed and
if you haven't subscribed
I just I just want you to know that we
love you it's okay you can be wrong but
the right thing to do is to subscribe
don't don't keep don't do it don't keep
taking our content for free without a
subscription it's free the subscription
is free you have to pay for it you know
the day I found out that you can
subscribe to somebody's Channel for free
and it didn't cost money and it actually
helped them out I was like I'm the most
charitable guy in the world I'll
subscribe to everybody because it makes
everybody happy there's actually it
doesn't cost me anything this motion it
cost me this motion so if it's been a
while I've been watching our videos I
love you I just want you to subscribe so
I can know that we're actually doing
good out there you know our
subscribership has actually been growing
big time lately and I just also like
while we're on this little tangent I
just want to thank you thanks for
staying into the end because I know you
could do a little Skippy thing but but
the Skippy thing probably just winds up
having you watch a commercial about
something not relevant to getting
compliant like speaking of Skippy maybe
it's a commercial of Skippy peanut
butter because you ran out this morning
I saw it in your fridge
so really at the end of the day I just
want you to subscribe because if you do
subscribe you get way more entertaining
diatribes like this and they're kind of
fun to do
and it drives my editor knots all right
so uh yeah leave me some comments below
if you want to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
guess what you'll see me on the next one
because nobody else wants to stand in
front of this camera and tell you all
about compliance

all right

######
Video ID: Fo33lEWkqO4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo33lEWkqO4
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IR.L2-3.6.1 - Establish an operational incident-handling capability for
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmfc control

ir.l2-3.6.1 establish an operational
incident handling capability for
organizational systems that includes
preparation detection analysis
containment recovery and user response
activities

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so what is this control really all
about
well my good friends in the Marines they
say the worst time to start planning a
good defense is when the bullets are
flying in your head yes this control is
all about being prepared having a
written and practice plan in place so
your entire team knows exactly what to
do when an attack happens now this
control also requires you to essentially
have a written incident response plan
okay so there's a big hint right there
about how to solve for it that will have
several key steps included in it the
idea is that if you know how to respond
the response will be faster more
effective and there is a chance at
actually limiting damage and having as
much having a much faster recovery from
the incident so let's dive into what the
assessors are looking for on this one
how we can make them happy so I will
warn you this one has got several
different assessment points there's
probably about seven or eight of them
we'll dive in the first one here
determine if an operational incident
handling capability is established so do
you have the capability to respond uh if
I was going to answer this we might have
a simple answer in the plan say
something like implemented see the
incident response policy and incident
response form note that there's two
parts of the capability there's how are
you going to sort of identify that there
was an issue and then how are you going
to resolve it and then what's the
procedure for all of that so this is
another one of those controls where
they're assessing on a bunch of
different points and surprise surprise
it's not so much your the answer in the
system security plan that they're
looking for it's giving me the backup
documentation which is why there's so
many assessment points so assessment
Point number two determine if the
operational incident handling capability
includes preparation so implemented CNC
response policy and instant response
form again they're going to look and see
how are you preparing uh for an incident
to happen now as we go through these
assessment points which will sort of
begin to realize is they're basically
outlining the the parts and portions of
an incident response plan so the cool
thing is if you don't have one these
assessment points will help you to write
one so third assessment Point determine
if the operational incident handling
capability includes detection so in your
plan are you do you have a mechanism for
detection Implement is the incident
response policy and incident response
form next determine if the operational
incident handling capability includes
analysis so again in your incident
response you need to have mechanisms in
place or steps in place to be able to
actually uh analyze what's going on with
that incident to determine what the
right next move is
so again steps in the plan if you will
so next we have determine if the
operational incident handling capability
includes containment so do we have some
methodology for containing the incident
and obviously limiting the damage again
all these answers will kind of be the
same that we're going to say hey go look
at our documentation in other words the
incident response policy uh incident
response plan however you want to phrase
it and then of course the incident
response form now to determine if the
operational incident handling capability
includes recovery this is implemented
CNC response policy and instant response
form again the idea here is do you have
steps in your plan for how to recover
from an incident final assessment Point
determine if the operational incident
handling capability includes user
response activities so what are your
users supposed to do and specifically
how are your users supposed to respond
in every step again go back to
documentation we'll hear instant
response plans and also the incident
response forms that people are filling
out when they're filing for an incident
and determine exactly how effective
those are and specifically what the user
responses should be and if those are
there you should be good to go but if
they're not because you don't have any
of these policies or if you're like so
many defense contractors out in there
who are just looking at this whole thing
going oh my goodness I'm throwing my
hands up in the air I don't know what to
do
um I'm gonna go have a beer then hey the
good news is here at on-call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliant stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day and
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more content uh or more help our
compliance experts are always on call
for you you can visit cmmc
compliancecrets.com or check out the bio
below for links to get help right now if
you love the content we're putting out
here for you help us out with big thumbs
up on that like button and of course you
know what to do smash that subscribe
button because you know what they're
constantly changing things I just saw
the other day they brought out nist SP
800 171 revision three and again this
stuff changes all the time so Mash that
subscribe button uh and until the next
compliance tip my friend stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: 0j0fNHNjdqc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j0fNHNjdqc
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IR.L2-3.6.2 - Track, document, and report incidents to designated officials and⧸or
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week where I will flawlessly deliver
an amazing amazing slice of value to you
today this week we're talking about cmmc
control
ir.l2-3.6.2 honestly we're really
talking about Grumpier Old Men in
between takes but for right now we'll
talk about we'll talk about this control
uh track document and Report incidents
to designated officials and or
authorities both internal and external
to the organization

thank you so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
this cmmc dfars and nist SP 800171
compliance stuff or just my bad jokes on
top of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it why
is this a requirement why oh why is this
a requirement I've been asking like for
years right because remember this
standard is all about protecting control
and classified information which is not
just any old kind of information as a
result the government actually mandates
that if you had an incident and cuis
compromised you must have in your
standard operating procedures somewhere
to call the proper authorities in other
words you don't cover it up okay
you know you don't get ransomware on a
network with defense information and
they go I'm gonna just wipe everything
and start over restore from it no you've
got to alert the authorities if there is
an issue you've got to have the needed
mechanisms like a medium security
assessment for defense industrial based
cyber incident reporting uh you've got
to have your ducks in a row and ready to
go when it comes to alerting authorities
to come give you a hand investigate the
situation and make sure whoever those
attackers are can be hunted down to the
extent possible and that the authorities
are aware of what has happened for the
purposes of national security so let's
see what the assessors are looking for
on this one a lot apparently that's a
lot more than I anticipated in terms of
the number of assessment points
um I should probably like maybe look
over my scripts before I read them but
that's way too much effort like yeah
we're low budget here at on-call uh all
right first one determine if incidents
are tracked Implement see instant
response policy and instant response
form all instance are tracked and
documented within the it ticketing
system using the incident response form
so again what you're really going to be
doing here is you're going to be
demonstrating how you're tracking
incense and of course you guys know uh
if you're even a small shop you should
be using a ticketing system if you're
like a one to five person crew it's
probably just email but somehow you've
got to be able to demonstrate how these
incidents are tracked
next one determine if incidents are
documented okay yes you have to document
things uh again uh we would say C
instant response policy incident
response form right the form or if it's
digital you know whatever digital form
you're filling out to document how the
incident happened all incidents are
tracked and documented within the it
ticketing system is a very common
response to this assessment Point uh
determinive authorities to whom
incidents are to be reported are
identified implemented CNC response
policy and incident response form again
uh determine if organizational officials
to whom incidents are to be reported are
identified so I would say this is a key
thing that maybe a lot of I.T
departments don't really sort of take
into account you should have an
escalation path and it should be
documented and if you don't have that
you're in trouble okay and there should
be some point to where an issue is
escalated all the way to the top it
should be formalized and it should be in
writing uh determine if identified
authorities are notified of incidents
yes you really should have in your plan
this is the point in time when it's bad
enough call the cops call the FBI call
the military whatever it may be those
things need to be in your plan determine
if identified organizational officials
are notified of incidents so again we're
out we're at first we were talking about
determine if organizational officials
Tim incense are to be reported on or
identified so are they in the plan are
they identified they determine if
identified if organizational officials
are notified of incidents so you're
going to probably have to find some
evidence that they were you know talked
to or notified in some official way when
a severe enough issue has occurred
now if you
have your head on
backwards after listening to what it
takes to solve that one control the good
news is here at on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this defars nist itar and CMC
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like I see though on a sunny day
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that is
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you and your boss will love
you when you're like hey man sales team
we can go tell everybody that we're
compliant now hooray let's go call of
our past clients we haven't heard from
in two years and let them know that
we're awesome and super secure to work
with that's a great touch point and we
teach stuff like that because at the end
of the day it's one thing to be
compliant keep the business you have but
it's a whole other thing to be able to
actually grow with this stuff we can
teach you how if you're looking for more
of that cool stuff our compliance
experts are always on call for you okay
visit cmfcc complianceecrets.com or
check out the bio below for links to get
help right now if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance nerves roll it out until the
next compliance it my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

anyway

######
Video ID: WAGoUgimqvU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAGoUgimqvU
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control IR.L2-3.6.3 - Test the organizational incident response capability
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week and I bet you missed me unless
you just hit the next button because
you're probably just watching one of my
videos and
well anyway I'm glad that you are and if
you're one of those people out there
that binge on my videos a kudos to you I
love it and if you're not smash the
Subscribe button uh because apparently
my face is very bingeable now personally
if I looked at my face for this many
videos in a row there's another kind of
binging that I might do but this is
apparently PG YouTube stuff so I'll
actually stick with the script and tell
you all about today's control which is

cmmccontrolir.l2-3.6.3 test the
organizational incident response
capability yes you must test it you must
do things with that piece of paper that
you put in the shared Drive let's find
out

thank you
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try and understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of it already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here an on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero now let's jump
into it so I'm sure you probably just
watched the video that came right before
this about building your NC response
plan and if you didn't you go back and
check it out
yeah right here on this channel it's
there uh and you guessed it hot on the
heel is the requirement to have an
insane response plan or similar
instrument that defines how information
security and incidents will be handled
uh and responded to this control which
mandates that you actually
asked it you gotta actually use the
thing
I know it's like you went out and bought
all those cool cyber Security Solutions
and you hit the install button and then
you went and had lunch
she didn't test it you gotta test these
things you do because the bad guys will
and I don't want you to be hit by a bad
guy because you're important and I
believe in you
you've got this I digress all right uh
look I really can't emphasize this one
enough at the end of the day you must
test the policies all right standard
operating procedures mechanisms within
the within your computer to be sure they
will actually work much like uh you know
a fire alarm needs periodic testing to
make sure it will work when the real
emergency arises this control manage you
actually execute proper testing and be
able to prove your systems and processes
work now here's a hint love the hint uh
if you're don't have your incident
response built into your ticketing
system then maybe that might be
something you want to think about so
that you can automate this and if you're
too small to have a ticketing system
they're free and it's a really good idea
and if you are really really small like
under five people well you know that's
okay too just know that you've got to
have something in writing and you've got
to show that you test it from time to
time so let's take a look at what the
assessors are looking for on this one
fortunately they're only looking for one
thing they want to determine if the
incident response capability is actually
tested so what are they going to do
they're going to actually ask you to
demonstrate what happens when there is
an incident that might be putting in a
service ticket that might be looking
over your shoulder and saying hey
execute this policy uh if we were to
give a sample answer for our SSP we
would say something to the extent of hey
this is implemented see past it ticket
history quarterly risk management
meeting sop previously completed
incident response forms and again we
just sort of lay the evidence out for an
assessor to verify really no other way
to do it and hey and on call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who've had this defars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day and
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming a proper on-call
compliance hero can do for you and if
you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you you can visit
cmfc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now like really right now you can
do it use your mouse move it groove it
get to it
I I'll you know what we'll edit that one
out
probably not uh look if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
or my unbelievable frequent quantity of
screw-ups reading scripts help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliances roll
it out this is what we do all day we got
a whole crew putting these videos
together for you we love doing it we
love the fact that you guys are watching
the videos and it's helping you get
compliant and more importantly be safer
out there so hey until the next
compliance tip my friend stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

all right

######
Video ID: JVookLZAqCk
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVookLZAqCk
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA L2-3.7.2 - Provide controls on the tools, techniques, mechanisms, and personnel
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back I bet you didn't think I'd be
back but guess what I'm back and you
know what sometimes when you come back
it's better like Terminator 2. that was
definitely better that he was back I'll
be back right
I rest my case all right this week we're
talking about cmmccontrol m a DOT
l2-3.7.2 provide controls on the tools
techniques mechanisms and Personnel used
to conduct system maintenance you better
keep those evil it guys in check right

thank you
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so on this one I have to admit uh
like some others but not most of the
others it may sound a little obvious if
you read it but let's be real here not
so obvious in practice right
you hire the it guys you hand them the
keys and whoosh
it problems are solved right that's how
it works that's the magic Inside the Box
no you see when you are into defense
Contracting you're going to have to be a
little more mature than that
it's hard for me to go there really like
it's hard for me to be mature
anyway
you need written procedures you need
documentation on your processes for
allowing access to your systems you
can't just go give them the keys because
his name's Jerry and I think he backs
the background checked not sure
uh yeah maybe past a drug screen I don't
know uh you're gonna have to justify
every step of how you run your system on
paper through written procedure and that
includes your it team who gets access to
what and how they get and how they get
that access I hope that made sense you
get the point anyway let's dive into
what the assessors are actually looking
for on this one and we'll find out how
to answer it first thing you're looking
for is determining if tools used in
conduct assessment excuse me to conduct
a system maintenance are controlled
let's try it again determinative tools
used to conduct system maintenance are
control so Implement tools are only
accessible by authorized pose users who
have been given access those tools
number two determinive techniques used
to conduct system maintenance are
controlled this is implemented tools are
only accessible by authorized privileged
users only approve tools which provide
uh with which provide approved
techniques are available so in other
words we've configured our maintenance
tools so they can only do the things
they're supposed to be able to do
third determinative mechanisms used to
conduct system maintenance are
controlled uh again if we were to sort
of give an answer here we might say like
tools are only accessible by authorized
privileged users only approved tools
which provide approved techniques are
available only approved mechanisms are
installed by approved privileged users
for use in system maintenance again all
this has got to be documented where do
we document this here's a hint and our
company we do in our it operations
policy which determines how people are
supposed to interact in our system and
what they're supposed to be doing as far
as running the it operations yes we
deliver one of those completely done for
you and customized to you if you guys
decide you want more help you want us to
work with you one-on-one so just know I
know you're like where do I even start
on this
we were there but we figured it out and
we can figure it out for you too so
determinive Personnel used to conduct
system maintenance are controlled only
authorized privileged users have access
to system maintenance tools period
so and on call we work with defense
contractors just like
you who have had this deformed nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped in
their laps like a seagull on a sunny day
but we teach you how to level up and be
a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you I bet you never guess that
by the name of our company
ding

ding that will make your life so much
better like I get it you've been binging
on my content for days
and your eyelids are getting heavy I
want you to wake up tomorrow and feel
like you really accomplished something
check out our website self schedule time
with one of our amazing amazing
compliance Solutions Engineers they're
like uh Tinkerbell and Peter Pan they
just sort of like fly around the room
and then they go Boop and compliance is
solved just like that anyway if you love
the content we're playing out there for
you help us out with a big thumbs up on
that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button for more Tinker
Bells no but hey until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there show us some love in
the comments below and I'll see you on
the next one

all right

######
Video ID: RYJvjUma5uo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYJvjUma5uo
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA-L2-3.7.3 - Ensure equipment removed for off-site maintenance is sanitized of any
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control m a.l2-3.7.3

.3.3.3
.3 ensure equipment removed for off-site
maintenance is sanitized of any cui

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it okay so here's the deal I've got no
beef or issue with the Geek Squad okay
I'm just gonna say that I think those
guys are cool I even wear a blue shirt
it's not because of them I had it first
they didn't even exist
it's the same shade it's been for 20
plus years all right and all those other
outsourced computer repair places but
listen if you have the technical
diagrams to a brand new piece of
military equipment you know who you are
don't go take the computer with that cui
on it into a store for repair when it
breaks bad bad don't do it that's not
okay if for some reason you need to take
a piece of equipment which contains cui
out of the building or send it off for
repair you must must sanitize and clear
off any cui from that device before
Leisure control we should like write the
words must must must as I'm saying must
must must
and then you run him again because I
just said it like three times
that's a that's a that's what do they
call that an on prompt an on prompt I
just made that word up I don't really
know what it is but it's where you
prompt and then
anyway we're too low budget to have real
editors so instead I just live edit what
I want to happen in the video and and
then they know to do it because they can
you imagine how to edit these videos I
just like let me like just let me take a
pause like if you're really trying to
get compliant right now spare me two
minutes per second because can you
imagine being an editor has to listen to
me for like 110 controls plus the usual
like bunch of videos that we crank out
here every week at on call like I can't
imagine being the poor guy or for that
matter can you imagine actually we have
a group of a group of people like we
have a team of people whose job is to
listen to me
talk about compliance like these poor
people
these poor poor people I watch you know
what I'm setting my editing team some
serious love and you know what if you
love our videos go to the comments
section below and you should be like hey
we love you editors you guys are awesome
we love what you do show my editor some
love because they have to listen to this
garbage like every day all day
and then they have to listen to it live
when I come in to record it and it's
whatever man you know what we do it for
you guys we do it for you guys our
audience you guys rock so hard all right
we love our defense contractors and
honestly all we want to do is keep you
guys safe and secure that's really what
we do what we do and that's also why
we're too poor to four real editors and
I just tell them what to do while I'm
shooting the video no Cuts there's no
Cuts allowed zero second takes all right
I'm gonna go back on script now because
I'm done
hey who does who does this that's the
other thing too is if you're watching my
videos you have to deal with my
diatribes too kind of like my editors do
so I think that's fair right you get
free content I tell you how to comply
for free you just gotta listen to me
blabber for a little while and make
really dumb jokes
I think it's a fair deal anyway
um who does this well
believe it or not lots of people all
right here's another great example okay
copiers right now you probably have a
copier out there somewhere in your
office or maybe many of them and yes we
all thought they were dead with Adobe
document Cloud but it turns out that
people are really really really really
really
hard to change and they love killing
trees

like
anyway look not gonna kid you we got
copiers here there's a copier 15 feet
from me and I love it that green button
is so satisfying when you push it and
and like the really big copiers the
expensive ones and they spell the paper
just boom copy copy copy copy copy copy
anyway uh so hey every time you
photocopy that cui filled purchase order
guess where it stays
oh yeah baby right on that cop here all
right on the hard drive in your copier
so uh there's a lot of different
examples of this but the bottom line is
you have to sanitize or wipe the data
before it ever ever leaves secure hands
in your facility so very important and
as much as I say and emphasize how
important it is the reality is it
happens by accident all the time so
let's see what the assessors are looking
for on this one uh what the assessors
are looking for is they want to
determine if equipment to be removed
from the organizational spaces uh for
off-site means is actually sanitized
many cui great place they might go look
is your it offices right do they have a
bunch of computers in there where the
hard drives are pulled out again you're
going to want to demonstrate this in
person if I was giving the answer I
would just say hey implemented see the
Data Destruction policy up in our case
we have an ability to have an actual
written policy for it so no big deal we
have a written policy and uh and we show
it to the assessor we welcome back to
the it office we go here you go here's
our pile full of junk and here's a stack
of hard drives that we have not had a
chance to sanitize yet they have not
left our secure facility and they're in
a locked it room boom
I wound up actually finishing that okay
that was all right that was a savable
one and just like you right you're
receivable too all right and on call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who've had this defars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day all
right and we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminated gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit CMC
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now not tomorrow because you're supposed
to be compliant back in 2017. you know
soon you ever seen like old people I
don't really mean old people I mean like
people in their like 50s and they're
going like 19 Diggity too like soon
we're gonna be like this compliance
thing was you should have been compliant
in 19 Diggity seven I think that's how
that works works I don't know if there's
like a technical way I'm supposed to say
2017 but be cool like I was from the 90s
comment below uh Hey if you love our
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
complianceers roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

anyway

######
Video ID: QQ8oo_bstR8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQ8oo_bstR8
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA.L2-3.7.1 - Perform maintenance on organizational systems
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with every compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control m a.l2-3.7.1

about that did you for the description
all right we're going to perform
maintenance on organizational systems
why they even have a control about this

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform

into your company's on-call compliance
hero just bolt on that cape and let's go
baby let's talk about it all right
blinding Flash the obvious here watch
out yes you are required to perform
proper maintenance on your systems
I feel silly even saying it but that's
what they made Facebook memes for and
they had to make this dummy proof so
they made an entire control just for
this my friends if you're not aware
another major massive black hole of
Cyber attack vectors comes from software
that is just not properly updated okay
so very seriously here I know I make a
lot of jokes if you don't believe me
just go Google solarwinds attack and
that one was only an update that was
three months behind Okay keeping your
systems up to date is not something you
should be doing manually you should be
doing it in an automated fashion and
ultimately at the end of the day it's
all about just making sure that your
systems are properly patched and up to
date especially when it comes to
critical security patches so let's see
what the assessors are looking for on
this one fortunately they're not looking
for much uh determine if system
maintenance is performed right so
basically an assessor is going to look
at your system probably over your
shoulder uh and they're going to check
to see whether or not the maintenance is
actually done lots and lots and lots of
ways to do that you can do it through a
patch management system you can do it
through Windows SCCM you can do it
through a million different things and
of course it depends on how your system
is set up but again insert your answer
here but ultimately it's going to say x
y z uh is where you're going to look for
the evidence that things are all up to
date now uh I will tell you this at
on-call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this D fars
nist itar and CMC compliance stuff
dropped in their laps like a seagull on
a sunny day or like a Windows update
patch on a Tuesday night that only takes
three hours to reboot from yes and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what we're all about here baby all right
that's what we do here at on-call
compliance and you can come along with
us and be an on-call compliance hero too
how do you do it check out cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
Bible below for links to get help right
now and if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance starts
roll it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one

anyway

######
Video ID: rTW7mcZFvz8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTW7mcZFvz8
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA.L2-3.7.3 - Ensure equipment removed for off-site maintenance is sanitized of any
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control m a.l2-3.7.3

.3.3.3
.3 ensure equipment removed for off-site
maintenance is sanitized of any cui

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it okay so here's the deal I've got no
beef or issue with the Geek Squad okay
I'm just gonna say that I think those
guys are cool I even wear a blue shirt
it's not because of them I had it first
they didn't even exist
it's the same shade it's been for 20
plus years all right and all those other
outsourced computer repair places but
listen if you have the technical
diagrams to a brand new piece of
military equipment you know who you are
don't go take the computer with that cui
on it into a store for repair when it
breaks bad bad don't do it that's not
okay if for some reason you need to take
a piece of equipment which contains cui
out of the building or send it off for
repair you must must sanitize and clear
off any cui from that device before
Leisure control we should like write the
words must must must as I'm saying must
must must
and then you run him again because I
just said it like three times
that's a that's a that's what do they
call that an on prompt an on prompt I
just made that word up I don't really
know what it is but it's where you
prompt and then
anyway we're too low budget to have real
editors so instead I just live edit what
I want to happen in the video and and
then they know to do it because they can
you imagine how to edit these videos I
just like let me like just let me take a
pause like if you're really trying to
get compliant right now spare me two
minutes per second because can you
imagine being an editor has to listen to
me for like 110 controls plus the usual
like bunch of videos that we crank out
here every week at on call like I can't
imagine being the poor guy or for that
matter can you imagine actually we have
a group of a group of people like we
have a team of people whose job is to
listen to me
talk about compliance like these poor
people
these poor poor people I watch you know
what I'm setting my editing team some
serious love and you know what if you
love our videos go to the comments
section below and you should be like hey
we love you editors you guys are awesome
we love what you do show my editor some
love because they have to listen to this
garbage like every day all day
and then they have to listen to it live
when I come in to record it and it's
whatever man you know what we do it for
you guys we do it for you guys our
audience you guys rock so hard all right
we love our defense contractors and
honestly all we want to do is keep you
guys safe and secure that's really what
we do what we do and that's also why
we're too poor to four real editors and
I just tell them what to do while I'm
shooting the video no Cuts there's no
Cuts allowed zero second takes all right
I'm gonna go back on script now because
I'm done
hey who does who does this that's the
other thing too is if you're watching my
videos you have to deal with my
diatribes too kind of like my editors do
so I think that's fair right you get
free content I tell you how to comply
for free you just gotta listen to me
blabber for a little while and make
really dumb jokes
I think it's a fair deal anyway
um who does this well
believe it or not lots of people all
right here's another great example okay
copiers right now you probably have a
copier out there somewhere in your
office or maybe many of them and yes we
all thought they were dead with Adobe
document Cloud but it turns out that
people are really really really really
really
hard to change and they love killing
trees

like
anyway look not gonna kid you we got
copiers here there's a copier 15 feet
from me and I love it that green button
is so satisfying when you push it and
and like the really big copiers the
expensive ones and they spell the paper
just boom copy copy copy copy copy copy
anyway uh so hey every time you
photocopy that cui filled purchase order
guess where it stays
oh yeah baby right on that cop here all
right on the hard drive in your copier
so uh there's a lot of different
examples of this but the bottom line is
you have to sanitize or wipe the data
before it ever ever leaves secure hands
in your facility so very important and
as much as I say and emphasize how
important it is the reality is it
happens by accident all the time so
let's see what the assessors are looking
for on this one uh what the assessors
are looking for is they want to
determine if equipment to be removed
from the organizational spaces uh for
off-site means is actually sanitized
many cui great place they might go look
is your it offices right do they have a
bunch of computers in there where the
hard drives are pulled out again you're
going to want to demonstrate this in
person if I was giving the answer I
would just say hey implemented see the
Data Destruction policy up in our case
we have an ability to have an actual
written policy for it so no big deal we
have a written policy and uh and we show
it to the assessor we welcome back to
the it office we go here you go here's
our pile full of junk and here's a stack
of hard drives that we have not had a
chance to sanitize yet they have not
left our secure facility and they're in
a locked it room boom
I wound up actually finishing that okay
that was all right that was a savable
one and just like you right you're
receivable too all right and on call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who've had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliant stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day all
right and we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminated gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit CMC
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now not tomorrow because you're supposed
to be compliant back in 2017. you know
soon you ever seen like old people I
don't really mean old people I mean like
people in their like 50s and they're
going like 19 Diggity too like soon
we're gonna be like this compliance
thing was you should have been compliant
in 19 Diggity seven I think that's how
that works works I don't know if there's
like a technical way I'm supposed to say
2017 but be cool like I was from the 90s
comment below uh Hey if you love our
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
complianceers roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

anyway

######
Video ID: f_wkH4BU_SU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_wkH4BU_SU
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA.L2-3.7.4 - Check media containing diagnostic and test programs for malicious
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

ah we're back hey everybody it's Mike
frieder here with the Hong Kong
compliance Solutions we're having so
much fun Studio I'm not going to kid you
we got like a long list of videos we
gotta shoot I don't even care I'm having
fun I hope you're having fun here at
home uh or work wherever it is you watch
my videos at I hope you're having a
blast and we're gonna have more of a
blast because right now we're gonna
start talking about CMC control m a DOT
l2-3.7.4 check media containing
Diagnostic and test programs for
malicious code before the media are used
in organizational systems I love this
control I think it's a good one

thank you

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this dmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news you've found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so
this control I have to tell you I really
like it a lot all right and it'll share
about many controls there's 110 of them
there's only like five that I really
like a lot that's pretty fair assessment
I think here's the deal by default most
antivirus programs still don't scan upon
insertion okay they don't sorry news
flash they don't you got to configure
that that's when you take a thumb drive
or a download and insert it into your
machine okay so again scan on assertion
is when you take a thumb drive or
download you insert in your machine and
then it automatically starts scanning
okay this control sets out a mandate
that especially those programs that the
it or maintenance people are using on
our machines is specifically cleaned and
scanned before being used in a
production environment containing UI so
again they have to scan their stuff
before they use it on our machines to me
this is just great common sense but I
agree with the folks that wrote this
that the reality is most people just
would not think to check that shedding
and that setting and assume it's done
already or they haven't checked it in
years and they don't remember that Larry
the tier one it guy had disabled that on
several computers so that he won't be so
that he could get an accounting program
to work properly uh when the cfo's pants
were on fire one day back in 2019 okay
I'm going to bring up a similar example
just to kind of help out on the cyber
security front another great example
this is when you've got a firewall and
you have an any any any rule that gets
opened up so that you can like get the
phone system working or get something
working and then the IT guy goes oh
thank goodness my boss was really like
pants on fire about that issue thank
goodness I at least have it working now
and then they never go back and shut
down those ports again and make get the
way it's supposed to be and you got wide
open firewall everywhere this is the
same kind of thing just on a smaller
level okay let's check out what the
assessors are looking for on this one
all right determinive media containing
Diagnostic and test programs are checked
for malicious code before being used in
organizational systems that processes
stores or transmits cui uh look upon
insertion of any media into
organizational systems that media is
sanitized by the organization's endpoint
management system that's what your
answer should be or something very close
to it now at on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfar's nist itar and cmfc
compliance stuff dropped their laps like
a seagull on a sunny day and we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminated gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming on call compliance hero can do
for you if you're looking for more help
getting apply our compliance experts are
always on call for you you can visit
cmmc compliancecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now all right love the content
we're putting out there for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better you best it Hulk
smash that subscribe button baby let's
get more subscribers we're doing so good
all right and I love seeing you guys
subscribe it makes my day it makes us
want to get up make more videos for you
guys and really make sure that we're
delivering this incredible value uh in
terms of this content because it's not
like this stuff is easy right hey until
the next compliance tip my friend stay
safe and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

all right

######
Video ID: TZMrgPZSQEY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZMrgPZSQEY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA.L2-3.7.5 - Require multifactor authentication to establish nonlocal maintenance
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike Frieda here with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control m a DOT
l2-3.7.5 require multi-factor
authentication to establish non-local
maintenance sessions via external
network connections and terminate such
connections when non-local maintenance
is complete wow

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so uh this control has a few
interesting parts and I'm going to
quickly break them down first is the
requirement for MFA on non-local
maintenance sessions so even if the
non-local maintenance person isn't
touching cui but they're able to do
maintenance on a network that contains
cui MFA is still required generally
speaking you can assume that any
external access to an enclave or network
contains cui probably requires
multi-factor authentication let's just
change that one to definitely period end
of story now the second part is to make
sure the connection terminates when
maintenance is complete so why so that
you know so the answer so the question
is why and that's so that we don't
accidentally leave the window open at
night for our teenage daughter's
boyfriend sneak the window at night
because you know how that goes so yes
many attacks actually occur due to I.T
administrators and other maintenance
Personnel leaving the door wide open and
walking away here's an example I.T
Personnel are doing maintenance on the
network from home they never do that
right of course not of course they would
uh they get up and leave the house to go
get some pizza
super stereotypical why has got to be
Pizza I love pizza as it turns out their
local home PC is compromised and the
evil hackers are just waiting for the
alarm that the system has been idle for
exactly 14 minutes which is usually one
minute right before the screensaver
kicks on locks them out they jump in and
if that main session doesn't have an
automated lockout mechanism guess what
the evil hackers just got access to your
entire network through somebody's home
computer so again there's a lot of
really great reasons to have this
control in place it's very logical and
uh you know ultimately this is one of
the most common kinds of attack
okay we're an out-of-band computer is
compromised and gets access to the
secured Network so we become much safer
when that maintenance session terminates
automatically upon completion of the
work or a very short idle time
thereafter and it needs to be automatic
okay time to see what the assessors want
on this one so two things you're looking
for one determine if multi-factor
authentication is used to establish
non-local maintenance sessions via
external network connections uh again
how do we answer that one well we could
say it's implemented non-local access is
not possible without MFA why because we
probably have MFA on our VPN or uh you
know whatever connection we're using to
get in second one is determine if
non-local maintenance sessions establish
via external network connections are
terminated when non-local minutes is
complete this one's a little bit more
challenging but again per the it
operations policy non-local Mania
sessions should be terminated upon
completion of the maintenance session a
Fail-Safe is in place to automatically
terminate the session after 15 minutes
as a Fail-Safe so again great way to
kind of solve all that in two different
ways but there's definitely a concrete
fail safe there now if you're a defense
contractor and I know you are because
you wouldn't be watching this video
unless you are or maybe you're not a
defense contractor and you wish you were
well here's the good news right because
uh at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like a seal on a sunny day can we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you haven't put on your
cape lately you know what it's looking
over the corner and you're like man my
Cape is like a little bit Rusty it's
okay man you can put it back on and you
know what we'll even help you button up
so you can go fly be a superhero for
your company
shh hey if you're looking for more get
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you to feed Superman really awesome
jokes visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance nerves
roll it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below I love your
comments they make us laugh they make us
cry sometimes they make us want to like
go have a beer but I love them all and
you should know that and if you're
watching this video and you're still
watching this video I would love to hear
your comments because we care

I lost my line that's what happened
there that awkward pause wasn't really
because I care that much there's like a
certain amount of awkward pause that you
can allow for sincerity I blew it that
was really really long I do care that
much but I don't want to show you that I
care that much it's like you know it is
like a first date kind of thing this
might be your 70th video but this is
like our first date anyway here's the
bottom line I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: mVdmuliu0Mc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVdmuliu0Mc
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA.L2-3.7.6 - Supervise the maintenance activities of maintenance personnel without
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for you here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
guess what I'm back with another
compliance tip of the week this week
we're talking about cmmccontrol m a DOT

l2-3.7.6 supervise the maintenance
activities of Maintenance Personnel
without required access authorization

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero uh let's jump
into it so now this one I love say hey
look especially in manufacturing we've
gotten maintenance people okay and they
may not even be a formal employee they
could be outsourced at the end of the
day you're required to escort visitors
at all times however a maintenance
person is therefore not a random visitor
they may have been given facility access
every situation is different and believe
me there's some very interesting
thoughts about contractors maintenance
people and how they are different from a
visitor I just realized that's a massive
run-on sentence that literally goes for
like seven lines which is probably why I
couldn't read it straight
but I don't have time to rewrite it so
all right there you go
it's the best I can do for an example
honestly I mean anyway if you've got
questions on that I would invite you to
give us a call because let me tell you
it's not super simple let me tell you
it's not super simple reading this this
is not super simple to read at all as a
matter of fact actually I'd probably say
this is above a third grade read level
which has maximized my personal
capability to read I was elected to lead
not to read
totally stole that if you know where
comment below most importantly you've
got to supervise these people they
should not in most cases be authorized
to view or handle cui and when they are
in the building there needs to be a
heightened sense of alert and monitoring
of their activities to dig in more let's
find out what the assessors want to see
on this one
all right determinative maintenance
Personnel without required access
authorization and supervised during
maintenance activities uh
yeah all cuis physically protected from
access by maintenance Personnel without
required access authorization hey look
if the maintenance guy doesn't have
access to cui because it's in a lock
computer or in a key locked filing
drawer they won't be able to get to it
you just have to show and assessor that
that's really kind of what it boils down
to right examples are it use in cyber
security policy visitor escort policy
contractor policy all those are
different kinds of policies you can have
in place to prove what they're looking
for on the assessment front and
the good news for you
is I will be doing your consultation
because my jokes are terrible and um and
there are better people for that but uh
what I do do is hear it on call besides
poorly reading teleprompters is we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this DeForest nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day hey
look it could be really boring like I
could sit in front of like a big boom
stand and I could sit there and
just like be really serious about this
and talk about it
like it's life or death

yuck
I'd rather just teach you how to level
up and be a proper on call compliance
hero for your company all right really
and you know what along the way we'll
all have a couple laughs where it's me
one of my Consultants all right we
always like to have a good time and make
this stuff not so incredibly terrible
all right eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your super secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
and maybe even a few jokes now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliancecrets.com
why is the cmmc compliance Secrets
because the secret is it's not that hard
if you got the right team on your side
all right or check out the bio below for
links to get help right now love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances rolled out I'm calling you
out by the way right now you're not
subscribed I see you you're not
subscribed listen your mouse only has to
move from here to there and you're
subscribing look at that dude you're
gonna get to see me whenever I put out
new content and that's so awesome thank
you makes my day doesn't just make my
day by the way makes our entire team's
day all right
um I think I talked yesterday about the
gong anyway I digress until the next
compliance that my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: orE7SGtmklw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orE7SGtmklw
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MA.L2-3.7.6 - Supervise the maintenance activities of maintenance personnel without
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for you here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
guess what I'm back with another
compliance tip of the week this week
we're talking about cmmccontrol m a DOT

l2-3.7.6 supervise the maintenance
activities of Maintenance Personnel
without required access authorization

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero uh let's jump
into it so now this one I love say hey
look especially in manufacturing we've
gotten maintenance people okay and they
may not even be a formal employee they
could be outsourced at the end of the
day you're required to escort visitors
at all times however a maintenance
person is therefore not a random visitor
they may have been given facility access
every situation is different and believe
me there's some very interesting
thoughts about contractors maintenance
people and how they are different from a
visitor I just realized that's a massive
run-on sentence that literally goes for
like seven lines which is probably why I
couldn't read it straight
but I don't have time to rewrite it so
all right there you go
it's the best I can do for an example
honestly I mean anyway if you've got
questions on that I would invite you to
give us a call because let me tell you
it's not super simple let me tell you
it's not super simple reading this this
is not super simple to read at all as a
matter of fact actually I'd probably say
this is above a third grade read level
which has maximized my personal
capability to read I was elected to lead
not to read
totally stole that if you know where
comment below most importantly you've
got to supervise these people they
should not in most cases be authorized
to view or handle cui and when they are
in the building there needs to be a
heightened sense of alert and monitoring
of their activities to dig in more let's
find out what the assessors want to see
on this one
all right determinative maintenance
Personnel without required access
authorization and supervised during
maintenance activities uh
yeah all cuis physically protected from
access by maintenance Personnel without
required access authorization hey look
if the maintenance guy doesn't have
access to cui because it's in a lock
computer or in a key locked filing
drawer they won't be able to get to it
you just have to show and assessor that
that's really kind of what it boils down
to right examples are it use in cyber
security policy visitor escort policy
contractor policy all those are
different kinds of policies you can have
in place to prove what they're looking
for on the assessment front and
the good news for you
is I will be doing your consultation
because my jokes are terrible and um and
there are better people for that but uh
what I do do is hear it on call besides
poorly reading teleprompters is we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this DeForest nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day hey
look it could be really boring like I
could sit in front of like a big boom
stand and I could sit there and
just like be really serious about this
and talk about it
like it's life or death

yuck
I'd rather just teach you how to level
up and be a proper on call compliance
hero for your company all right really
and you know what along the way we'll
all have a couple laughs where it's me
one of my Consultants all right we
always like to have a good time and make
this stuff not so incredibly terrible
all right eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your super secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
and maybe even a few jokes now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliancecrets.com
why is the cmmc compliance Secrets
because the secret is it's not that hard
if you got the right team on your side
all right or check out the bio below for
links to get help right now love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances rolled out I'm calling you
out by the way right now you're not
subscribed I see you you're not
subscribed listen your mouse only has to
move from here to there and you're
subscribing look at that dude you're
gonna get to see me whenever I put out
new content and that's so awesome thank
you makes my day doesn't just make my
day by the way makes our entire team's
day all right
um I think I talked yesterday about the
gong anyway I digress until the next
compliance that my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: 9ssQi8_igwI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ssQi8_igwI
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.1 - Protect (i.e., physically control and securely store) system media
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike reader here with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control mp.l 2-3.8.1 protect IE
physically control and securely store
system media containing cui both paper
and digital

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero
let's jump into it let's jump into it
let's jump into it I don't really jump
on camera actually so I don't know why I
keep saying let's jump into it it's more
like let's roll into it because that's
kind of more my speed but
you seem pretty energetic so let's just
jump into it together like we'll hold
hands we'll just jump into the foam pit
like at gymnastics you tell I have kids
that might be part of it okay so here we
find ourselves formalizing what I think
is oftentimes not really common sense
like this entire compliance standard
most companies typically have at least a
few Rogue thumb drives and portable hard
drives just laying around they're
unmarked who knows what on them and of
course when it comes to having cui on
the environment uh well that's just
really not cool not not so cool at all
all right so what needs to happen with
that stuff well if it was us we would be
asking everyone to immediately turn in
all thumb drives and portable hard
drives the it office within 24 hours
we'd be serializing them uh identifying
them logging them and of course putting
some cui stickers on them and entering
them into a cui media access log
everyone that has those portable storage
media devices and why they have them
along with what the intended use is so
again really truly keeping track in
inventory of what you've got going on
there
and we would be training those same
Personnel on device checkout that you
are not allowed to leave these devices
unsecured and they must be locked up or
physically physical physically secured
somehow and be able to be accounted for
the digital cui well that already should
be locked down by permissions most
likely but let's see what the assessors
are looking for on this one
okay so uh determine if paper media
containing Cy is physically controlled
okay uh all paper media is securely
stored in Lock storage containers where
uh when not in use uh temporary
temporary secure facilities uh may be
constructed or used in order to protect
cui depending upon project needs again
every facility is different everyone has
different ways they need to solve that
second assessment points determine if
digital media containing cui is
physically controlled is it I don't know
digital media is physically controlled
including locking server rooms
serialized and controlled portable
storage media specifically for cui and
cui media access logs determinive paper
media containing CI is securely stored
implemented all paper media is securely
stored in Lock storage containers when
not in direct use
next one determine if digital media
contains UI securely stored
is it the same
it looks the same but there's a c and a
d that's weird
oh one's paper media one's digital media
you see how easy that is to miss one of
these assessment points it's so easy
first one was all paper media is
securely stored next one is all digital
media is securely stored in Lock storage
containers and servers you know all that
kind of stuff you get the point so hey
uh at on call we work with defense
contractors to catch little mistakes
like that because we're very very very
uh detail-oriented that's what we are
yeah very detail-oriented uh and we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this defars nist itar and
cmmc compliant stuff dropped to their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminated gaps great areas and
getting this solved all showing you how
to leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmcc compliance secrets.com or check
out the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better

the Subscribe button

I mean how else are you going to be able
to see the awesome amazing content that
we're putting out here for you guys
right I mean like YouTube will kind of
tell you but it's way better if you're
subscribed then when I drop new content
you can be like
hey Jimmy
dude oncologists drop new content
and I got an alert about it so subscribe
this is awesome that's exactly what
you're gonna do boom boom it's the
brilliance
and then you can go and have some sushi
afterwards because Sushi and listening
to me go together like
yum yum sauce on everything
already then with that until the next
compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there and let
us know that you want to know more about
in the comments below
peace

######
Video ID: _8FCDsMtmEs
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8FCDsMtmEs
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.2 - Limit access to CUI on system media to authorized users.
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

ah hey everybody it's Mike Frieda with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmfc
control mp.lt

access to cui on system media to
authorize users
duh

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance solution where we can
help you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero let's jump into
it all right here we go so this control
is fairly obvious but then again as per
usual you never really can't be too
careful this nist control essentially
Works in sequence to paint a picture of
exactly how a secure system should be
built and of course one of those
building blocks is the necessity to not
allow access to cui to anyone who is not
authorized user and again if I'm reading
this I'm kind of like duh don't let
people have access to what they should
have access to and then I go around to
our client networks and it's like oh
boom everything's wide open Erb not good
not acceptable for uh for cui so look
this extends Beyond I.T and covers all
system media which may include
whiteboards paper and of course digital
even physical cuis such as identifiable
defense products would be included here
so there is some serious thought that
needs to go into this okay if you can
walk around your office and figure out
what projects people are working on you
may want to decide are the people who
are able to walk around your office that
all of them need to know what's going on
because in most cases it's probably not
so let's see what the assessors are
looking for on this one
uh one thing they're looking for only
one determine if access to cui on system
media is limited to authorized users uh
this is a pretty easy one to implement
right Implement via active directory
organizational units uh specifically for
users authorized to access UI and Airgas
DeForest compliant cui handling secure
systems file permissions are another way
to do it lots and lots and lots of ways
to segregate that information and make
sure that unauthorized users don't have
access to it
so hey and on call we work with defense
contractors who just like you have had
this d-farms nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like I see you on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon it's land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content that
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash that
subscribe button alright really makes us
happy when you do that and of course
most importantly leave a comment below
let us know what you would like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: hnGXJU_oqFw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnGXJU_oqFw
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.3 - Sanitize or destroy system media containing CUI before disposal or
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freeder here
with on call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control mp.
l238 do3 sanitize or destroy system
media contains cui before disposal or
release for

reuse so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
the cmmc DS and NP 1on1 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's on
call compliance Hero Let's jump into it
so uh if you've talked about the idea
that you can't just send computers
copers and any other medium that
contains cui off for repair but now
we're talking about the end of life the
big goodbye walk in the plank at death
do you part with your computer equipment
in
n171 we have a clear directive that we
must sanitize must must must sanitize or
destroy any media that contains cui
before disposal by the way here's a hint
to my friends in manufacturing this
includes physical cui which could
potentially include scrap or quality
failed pieces that kind of thing all
right there's a lot to proper Data
Destruction program and if you need help
with that it's one of the many many many
policies we customize for our clients
when we work with them but before we get
carried away let's zero in on what the
assessors really want on this one how to
make them happy because we love making
assessors happy right all right
determine if system media containing cui
is sanitized or destroyed before
disposal uh this is Implement C Data
Destruction policy uh determine if
system media containing CI is sanitized
before it is released for reuse and of
course yes see the Data Destruction
policy because you can't really give it
demonstration of something that's been
erased I think that's I think that's how
you do it yeah no yeah that's how to do
it that's what the assessors passed us
on uh so hey at on call guess what we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dears nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped in
their laps like a seagull on a sunny day
baby we teach you how to level up and be
a proper on call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on call
compliance hero can do for you uh if
you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance seekers.com or check out the
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better Hulk smash that subscribe
button baby uh and make sure you get
those alerts okay these standards change
a lot there's a lot going on uh and
again we want to make sure to get you
the latest inred stuff until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next

one

######
Video ID: pTDJ26VjkaA
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTDJ26VjkaA
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.4 - Mark media with necessary CUI markings and distribution limitations
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
it's me it's that guy I know who I I
think I know what my own name is but
anyway it's Mike frieder here with an
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week and zero editing uh this week we're
talking about cmmc control mp.l
2-3.8.4 Mark media would necessary Cy
markings and distribution limitations oh
the dreaded cui marking let's learn
about it

all right so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
this cmmc dfars and nist sp171
compliance stuff or just understanding
how to pronounce it on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on co-compliance Hero Let's
jump into it
oh yeah the dreaded cui marking yes
you must Mark cui there is no way around
it it's written right here and I'm not
going to make yet another joke about
cuisupply.com
at least not until they call us and
sponsor one of our videos
cysupply.com where you at
can make you so much money uh I don't
know who did that but man kudos to that
guy uh I do love their stickers though
and uh you know what shout out to
whoever made that site I think you're
very clever and if you ever get tired of
running it call me let's work out a deal
I'll buy it from you and uh I'll I'll
just really have a lot of fun making
even cooler stickers meanwhile there
exists a cui marking handbook to give us
guidance and of course every company is
different so we always advocate for
being able to work one-on-one to devise
the most efficient compliant and
effective marketing strategy that will
have the least amount of budgetary and
operational impact on you man I feel
like that was a lot of super big words
uh and whoever writes these scripts must
for sure be above a third grade reading
level which I am not uh and we're going
to have to dumb it down so I can
understand what I'm reading here anyway
let's see let's see what it uh what it
is that will make the assessors happy on
this one all right two things determine
if media contains cui is marked with
applicable cui markings uh the
organization follows the guidance within
the Cy marking handbook hint there's
actually a handbook that tells you how
to do it it's a riveting read you guys
it's like right there like if you jam
Harry Potter the first three Editions
into 21 pages
it would be much more exciting than this
not gonna not gonna lie to you
it's pretty dry it's like we're you know
uh we're in here in studio we were
talking about like making dry jokes and
I was like yeah how we make like
sandpaper dry jokes like
they'll rub you the wrong way anyway uh
what else are they suggesting you on uh
determining if media containing cuis
marked with get it sandpaper runs the
wrong way
ah
dad jokes all right the turn of media
contains Cy is marked with distribution
limitations uh and again obviously if
you have any they need distribution
limitations they would have to be marked
and that's one of those things you
honestly you're just going to give a
demonstration so you're going to whip
out some paper it's got cui markings on
it hopefully you got some of that right
uh not all organizations do by the way
uh and you're gonna demonstrate the
assessor uh cui marketing examples
uh Hey an on-call turns out guess what
we work with defense contractors just
like
you uh who have had the steepfar's nest
itar and cmoc compliance stuff dropped
in their laps like a seagull on a sunny
day we teach you how to level up and be
a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps great
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our on-call compliance experts are
always on call for you which is why we
call them on-call compliance experts
somebody hit the pace button one too
many times but that's okay because if
you're watching this video you'll get a
whole lot more of that if you go to cmmc
compliance secrets.com baby cmfc
compliance Secrets why because it
shouldn't be a secret how to comply with
cmmc it should be easy
well we try to do the best we can or
check out the Bible below for the links
uh that will help make your life a whole
lot better love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button before the next piece of content
comes out because then you would get the
alert that the piece of content came out
that's the point of subscribing and and
if you just try it you'll find out that
it works
um I like to personally I like to try
before I buy that's like what the
Subscribe button is all about I try it
now you try a lot of new things actually
I'm a very open-minded person
um and subscribing to my channel is one
of them until the next compliance tip my
friends
stay safe and secure
let us know what you want to know more
about in the comments below and I'll see
you on the next one

######
Video ID: NcjSsKgHdVE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcjSsKgHdVE
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.5 - Control access to media containing CUI and maintain accountability
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control mp.l 2-3.8.5 control access
to Media containing cui and maintain
accountability for media during
transport outside of controlled areas
let's find out what that's about

say if you're a defense contractor who's
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all the cmmc dfars
and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff on top
of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you if you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's Don the cape and
get into it all right first step is
control you know that authorized users
must always be in control of cui media
at all times that's an easy one but now
for the accountability site how do we do
that well there are lots of ways and
actually the rules are pretty flexible
But ultimately we solved this with
something called a cui media access log
essentially a log of any media which may
contain cui outside the primary main
company Network examples are of course
USB thumb drives portable hard drives
DVDs and paper media and we draw the
line at the physical secure facility or
Enclave environment if it's leaving that
it should be accounted for we like the
cui media log idea and of course it's
should be controlled by the custodian of
that media for a more formal answer
let's dive into a sample answer and what
the assessors are looking for on this
one
so uh first assessment Point determine
if access to Media containing Cy is
controlled implemented only authorized
cui handling users have access to system
systems containing cui media is only
accessible via express authorization
from the IT team and where applicable
documented within the cui media access
log so again the idea is you know in the
control is can you even get to it right
that's the control part second piece
determine if accountability
accountability for media contains UI is
maintained during transport outside of
controlled areas that's where the cui
media access log comes in and that's
going to be what your answer is there so
again first one is is a controlled prior
to you staff from other other controls
no pun intended there and then the
second one is the accountability and
that's where the media log really comes
into place so hey in on call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this DeForest nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray area areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmccompliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content that we're putting out
here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliance starts roll it out until
next supplies tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there let us know in the
comments below what you'd like to learn
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: Rw8IAI3X1e8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw8IAI3X1e8
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.6 - Implement cryptographic mechanisms to protect the confidentiality of
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

USA
let's do another one baby
hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
mp.l2-3.8.6 Implement cryptographic
mechanisms to protect the
confidentiality of cui stored on digital
media during transport unless otherwise
protected by alternative physical
safeguards
WTF

say if you're a defense contractor who's
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist sp-800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you
you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's Don the
cape and jump into it
it's done to keep and jump into action I
don't know sure good enough for me all
right so I'm going to give you a brief
lesson here on how to protect cui then
go dive back into how to answer this
control because it's all very relevant
so like really what I'm saying is I'm
going to do a Quentin Tarantino on how I
answer this because it's way more fun
than just giving you the answer here we
go uh there are two count them one two
ways to protect cui you guys know I love
the count how can I let the count I love
the count anyway if you don't know what
the count is
I'm counting you out uh look two ways to
protect cui number one physical
protection you've physically protected
number two in situations where you
cannot physically protect it which by
the way is preferred you must encrypt it
to protect it okay those are the only
two ways to protect cui now that we
understand that what this control is all
about is making sure you understand that
if cui is going to be digitally
transported and email is an example then
that email must be encrypted because you
cannot physically protect an email
during transmission
vpns and wireless networks are other
examples of this situation where
encryption is required because you can't
physically protect the cui as it's in
transit through a VPN or a wireless
network or any other situation like that
all right let's dive in and see what the
assessors are looking for on this one
what are they looking for they're
looking to determine if the
confidentiality of cui stored on digital
media is protected during transport
using cryptographic mechanisms or
alternative physical safeguards note
that it does not say determine the
confidence value of cui stored on
digital media is protected during uh
uh storage doesn't say that so it
doesn't have to be encrypted in storage
unless it's on a mobile device because
there's a separate control for that but
the point is is that it's only really
concerned on this control uh with it
during transport
Implement cui stored on digital media is
always physically protected via the it
use and cyber security policy in
addition the organization utilizes
encrypted media during transport now
that's optional but that's what we're
doing to satisfy that control uh as we
give the imaginary sample answer there
all right so hey at on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this defar's nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff drop their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day baby splat now we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on call compliance hero to your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that is
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to make sure that
you find out when the compliance stores
at our company are rolling out that
content and I said that backwards but
I'm Gonna Roll With It forwards until
the next compliance tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there and hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance boom I'll see you on the next
one

thank you anyway

######
Video ID: G6ws2KlWaTs
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6ws2KlWaTs
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.7 - Control the use of removable media on system components
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieden with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmfc
control
mp.l2-3.8.7 control the use of removable
media on system components you're like
16 videos in today and it's me versus
the camera that's how bad it is

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so as we look at this control I have
to tell you it's often misinterpreted on
the first read the thought is that you
must restrict computers from being able
to access things like a USB device
without some kind of permission
elevation but that's just not what this
is all about what this control is about
is gaining control or at least
demonstrating that you can control
removable device access the
you should do this is I'll go over in a
moment but But ultimately to me it's an
odd control because it really does not
go deep enough to determine what the
behavior is that the assessors are
really after here ultimately to
understand more let's dive into what the
assessors are looking for and an example
answer that will reveal the true answers
we are all looking for like what is the
meaning of life or what will really make
the assessors happy
let's jump in all right determine if the
use of removable media on system
components is controlled this is
implemented removable media is
controlled via endpoint management
solution all removal media is sanitized
upon insertion in a system device prior
to information access the organization
has the capability of controlling
removable media access via Group Policy
where it is appropriate and
if you are trying to figure out this
control or any other control you're
banging your head against the wall and
you're jumping up and down and you're
like oh my God check out this awesome
video on YouTube that I just found that
solves my problem guess what I can solve
a whole lot more of your problems like
109 more of your problems because in
on-call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this D fars
nist itar and cmmc compliant stuff
dropped in their laps like a seagull on
a sunny day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps great
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmccompliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out there
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
that subscribe button and get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance starts roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one foreign

foreign

######
Video ID: nZSP6jG0Nfo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZSP6jG0Nfo
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.8 - Prohibit the use of portable storage devices when such devices have
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freder here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we are talking about cmmc
control mp. L2
3.8.8 prohibit the use of portable
storage devices when such devices have
no identifiable

owner so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
the cmmc def bars and N SP 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform like a little
caterpillar into a butterfly baby into
your company's on call compliance Hero
Let's get into it if you don't know
whose USB drive or portable hard drive
it is your first action should not be to
jump up and down and stomp on it and uh
like light it on fire until it no longer
functions or works anymore then throw it
out of the building like a grenade that
could explode at any time that is
probably not what you should do my
friends um but obviously it is a very
real security risk to take a portable
storage media that is not identified and
inserted into your systems just to see
what is there that is an equally silly
idea so what's the solution we recommend
turning any unidentified devices over
the IT department to for View and
sanitization Via a computer in a DMZ or
such air or or other like air gap system
as an example so in other words isolate
a system run a scan make sure it's okay
figure out what's really going on with
it then you can use it ready to find out
more let's see what these assessors are
looking for on this one as I stab myself
in the finger with my pointer because
there's a tip on it and a button on it
and I hit the tip and definitely stab my
finger and I might be bleeding what are
the assessors looking for determine if
the use of portable storage devices are
prohibited when such devices have no
identifiable owner well pretty
straightforward implement the it us and
cyber security policy
ding uh policy mandates that no portable
storage devices shall be used when there
is no identifiable owner yes this is a
policy control you got to have a policy
uh and then you're going to have to
demonstrate that that doesn't really get
done and hey and on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this defar nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper on
call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance nerds
roll it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
and hit us in the comments below to let
us know what you'd like to know more
about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next

one

######
Video ID: qDY0SXOrLJg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDY0SXOrLJg
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control MP.L2-3.8.9 - Protect the confidentiality of backup CUI at storage locations
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

mp.l2-3.8.9 protect the confidentiality
of backup cui at storage locations

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist sp80171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so uh on first glance we're going to
make like a losing contestant on
Jeopardy here you're going to slam the
buzzer and make the wrong guess on this
okay on at first read your gut reaction
is going to be this compliance control
is mandating that your backups are to be
encrypted but the good news is they are
not okay that is not what this control
is all about so you know I have to hand
it to the folks at darzanara who created
this stuff because when they write these
controls the one thing I will say is
they're very careful with their words
and as they should be right I mean the
whole world is watching as they say no
pressure right uh what the focus this
control is on is confidentiality okay
not encryption so that also translates
that backups need to be confidential
they need to be controlled so nobody
gets access to them but encryption uh
believe it or not is just not a part of
the equation so again encryption not so
important to meet this control uh big
take home here uh a simple file copy
process is okay all right because that's
reality for most people or or these most
smaller businesses obviously if what you
really should be doing some sort of an
image based backup but that's just not
the reality in some cases as long as it
meets the specifics of what an assessor
is looking for and for that let's check
out the assessment points so uh on this
one they're really only looking for one
thing they're looking to determine if
the confidentiality of backup cui is
protected at storage locations no
there's nothing about encryption there
it's just it's not there now if you've
got your backup encrypted like most
people do but but not all uh you
probably want to mention that in the
answer but it's not going to get you to
pass the control so again what we would
say is backup Cy is fully encrypted this
is true and backup locations are
controlled and again you may demonstrate
that to an assessor that's probably the
most likely way that you would actually
sort of uh pass this controls with a
demonstration that yep there's the
backups they're in a lock secure server
room there's no way people can get to it
and then you know again they may ask for
any more evidence that will make them
happy in doing so so at on call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this Deep Bars nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped in
their laps like a seagull on a sunny day
and we teach you how to level up and be
a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the buy it
below for links to get help right now if
you love the content we're putting out
here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliance turns roll it out until
the next compliance tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there and hit us in
the comments below let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: h5wSQQ9j3ok
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5wSQQ9j3ok
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control PE L2-3.10.1 - Limit physical access to organizational systems, equipment, and the
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control PE dot
l2-3.10.1 limit physical access to
organizational systems equipment and the
respective operating environments to
authorized individuals

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff on
top of an already colossal workload well
I've got green news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it all
right so here's the classic example here
you're doing you're doing a walk through
there's a network closet with a couple
of core switches in it the assessor
innocently brushes by the network cage
and the door swings open oh big problem
yes you must secure network equipment
away from non-authorized users so a few
examples locked Network closets racks
server rooms Etc you can't just let
anybody have access to the network
infrastructure okay that's a control
it's a requirement what about the
network ports themselves well you don't
have to physically lock them down but I
do think you'll find that it is much
more secure when you have real Port
control and can stop someone from
entering the area and just plug in a
device for sure they should not be able
to get on the network Itself by just
having physical access to the port and
again all these things are under
consideration here again there is
another control uh in nist sp800 171
that talks about having Port control so
I won't dive into that here but I will
make mention of it uh let's dive into
detail with what the assessors are
looking for on this one so four things
you're looking for number one determine
if authorized individuals allowed
physical access are identified so do we
know who actually is supposed to have
access to where the infrastructure is uh
this is you know if I was going to give
a sample answer I'd say Hey look it's
implemented via access control system
okay the fob or even physical keys right
that's probably maybe more of a reality
is it's a physical key on the server
room and keypad Access Control within
the physical premise security system so
lots of different options there we kind
of just throw you a big Smorgasbord of
different ways we can do access control
second assessment Point determine if
physical access to organizational
systems is limited to authorized
individuals in other words can just
anybody walk in there or is it just
limited to those people who should be
this is implemented physical access is
restricted via the physical premise
security system okay pretty
straightforward and simple and physical
access uh the physical security system
is going to lock anybody out of those
areas that they don't have access
control into again you can give a
demonstration to an assessor there
determine if physical access to
equipment is limited to authorized
individuals again sounds the same but
now we're talking about access to
equipment versus organizational systems
okay so physical access the equipment
again same answer though implemented
physical access is restricted via the
physical premise security system again
all of those things are typically going
to be in some kind of a locked room or
at least an access control room or
something like that even in small
businesses uh final assessment Point
determine a physical access to operating
environments is limited to authorized
individuals now if this these assessment
points really start to sound redundant
to you it's because they're really close
to each other point one is determined if
authorized individuals are allowed
physical access are identified do we
know who they are then the fourth one is
determinative physical access to
operating environments is limited to
authorized individuals that's the
environment you're actually operating in
okay they could be the same that could
be different keep in mind Network
infrastructure may be in one place where
your operating could be another so
implemented physical access to uh is
restricted via the physical private
security system here's a great example
if you're working with a cui related
project you may not want everybody in
your entire company in there okay you
may have to restrict access if only
those users who have been trained on cui
handling uh and again this is the
control that sort of checks for that now
uh if you're struggling with this stuff
or you're just really not sure how to
implement it in your own company the
good news is at on-call we work with
defense contractors just like like you
who have had this defars nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped into their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day and
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company limiting gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links where you can get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash that subscribe
button because that's the way to get the
latest compliance content as soon as we
put it out until the next compliance tip
my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: yJsUHPG3grY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJsUHPG3grY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control PE.L1-3.10.4 - Maintain audit logs of physical access
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmfc control PE dot
l2-3.10.4 maintain audit logs of
physical access yes

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SB 10171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so getting a little more specific now
about the physical security we are now
required to keep actual logs of who came
and went from our facility and then
audit those logs for anomalous Behavior
at least that's what we should be doing
so a few relevant examples here why is
Joe the janitor coming into the office
between 2 A.M and 4 AM every morning and
what is he doing well if nobody's
tracking who comes and goes from the
building we may never know that he's
actually coming and going at those odd
times I mean who knows what Joe could be
up to or why he's always late to work
when he never actually leaves the
building that's weird I haven't been
able to figure that one out myself maybe
if I was watching the access logs we
could actually learn more another
example deals with the auditing of what
is referred to as Tailgaters I know
they're in traffic and they honk at you
all the time and you just want to slam
on the brakes and show them with a real
Tailgater your car looks like not that
kind of Tailgater okay those people who
will fob in and then let their buddy in
right behind him could be an authorized
user could be a non-authorized user no
big deal until cui comes into play and
what's worse is again A lot of times
they may have a friend that came to work
with them for some stupid reason and
then they're just walking right through
the door right if we don't have proper
monitoring on that we really have no no
idea what's going on in our building and
there's certainly no way to go back and
take action on someone that we don't
have monitoring on so what about a
camera system versus a fob only system
well what I'll say is that the uh you
know
on this one uh there's very few areas
where I think we may be able to get into
a into an opinion from an assessor so
the assessment criteria is that we have
to determine if physical access logs are
maintained okay that's pretty easy fob
system takes care of that except that
there is no real way to make sure who
swiped in is who the fob swipe says they
are so yes it should be physical
possession but of course that can be
duplicated or reused If lost kind of
yucky for that reason I really think
that in this case to truly meet the
intent of the control along with Access
Control you should be prepared to back
it up with a camera system caching those
people on camera seeing what's really
going on at the door could you pass an
audit without a camera system in place
it's a great question but the answer is
no already because of a previous control
requiring you to monitor the physical
facility and support infrastructure
let's see what the assessors are looking
for on this one how to answer for the
control
so there's only one thing they're
looking for on this one which is to
determine if audit logs of physical
access are maintained so you're going to
go to your access control system or
you're going to go to whatever your
access log is maybe your visitor log Etc
and you're going to show us the assessor
it's a demonstrate kind of pass-on
control implemented via the visitor
access system all visitors must check in
at the front reception area and complete
a visitor review and sign in form and
agree to all company policies okay
that's how I would I would sort of
answer that control
so hey at on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
all this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant guess what
you're in the right place our compliance
experts are always on call for you and
you can visit CMC complianceecrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now guys look I had three
phone calls coming to our office
yesterday alone these guys weren't
interested in Services they were calling
us just to get help on the controls I
promise we're always happy to help okay
we know this stuff is confusing we've
been very fortunate to build out a
pretty good sized company doing this
stuff all right we love our defense
contractors and if you're one of them
and you're struggling you're banging
your head against the wall and all you
need is to figure out one control to
just call us all right seriously I'm
here for you uh honestly it's just it's
part of what I consider to be Goodwill
Good Karma you have a great experience
with us maybe you'll refer us to one of
your other defense contractors and
either way we're happy to help seriously
I'm on camera saying that I mean it it's
really what we live for here
uh and again we understand this stuff is
complicated we understand the government
has not made it very easy to figure it
out the Cyber AB hasn't really made it
very easy to figure out uh hey you know
what that's cool I will all right and
we're building solutions to help the
defense industrial base do a better job
of that each and every day to lessen the
burden on you to increase the security
on the country and you know what we just
generally think it's really important so
if you love the content that we're
putting out here for you or you just
love what we're all about help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance nerves
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there thanks for watching we love giving
back to you guys hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: LZorWrrjz-c
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZorWrrjz-c
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control PE.L1-3.10.5 - Control and manage physical access devices
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
pe.l2-3.10.5 control and manage physical
access devices

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone and sad
trying to understand all the cmmc dfars
and nist SP 800 171 compliance stuff on
top of an already colossal workload I've
got great news for you you are not alone
and it's gonna be okay because you found
us and with us we're going to make you
into the next on-call compliance hero so
you can help transform your organization
into a more secure more compliant better
place to be let's get into it alright so
uh here we have a requirement to make
sure that all physical access devices
that is key fobs keys and any other
devices or even biometric data used to
log in or access a part of the facility
is controlled okay you gotta have
control over that stuff right if you got
15 people walking around with the door
to your house
it's not really a very secure house is
it we don't want that we want to know
where these keys are we want to make
sure we have them you know that we're
accountable for them
Etc so on this you'll want to be
prepared with both evidence of the
systems you use to monitor these items
uh like you know a log and also you'll
want to be prepared to give a
demonstration of how it all works your
systems or standard operating procedures
let's see what the assessors are looking
for on this one
okay three assessment points one
determine if physical access devices are
identified uh again if we were to answer
this we'd say hey it's implemented all
physical access devices are inventoried
and logged by the CIO or the chief
operations officer or the door guy or
the facilities security officer fso
whatever the relevant person is in your
organization somebody uh has to have
this down now second assessment Point
determine if physical access devices are
controlled implemented physical access
devices are controlled by in this case
the CIO right because well let's just be
honest if you're an I.T guy they just
kind of like lay everything on you and
that's just how it goes because it
connects to the network but ultimately
in all seriousness again somebody's got
to have physical access devices that are
controlled which means that you can you
know again go find them if you need to
and they're used within their specified
purposes determine if physical access
devices are managed implemented physical
access devices are managed by the CIO
base based on the physical access device
policy so again here's a big hint you're
probably going to have to have some
policy somewhere that relates to how
physical access devices are allocated
given out returned Etc so all those
things yep they require another policy
and if you're struggling on the policy
writings I know this is a really hard
one the good news is uh if you're if you
need help with this stuff give us a
shout I'll give you some information in
a second we handle all of the policies
for you right so we take care of all the
policies we take care of all of the
compliance the plans everything and
again if you're on The Struggle Bus
trying to figure this out or you're
banging your head against your monitor
trying to figure out what to do now the
good news is at on-call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seal on a sunny day when we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now
and if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance learns
roll it out until the next Appliance tip
my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one

######
Video ID: 9lfgId97CL8
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lfgId97CL8
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control PE.L2-3.10.2 - Protect and monitor the physical facility and support infrastructure
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
pe.l2-3.10.2 protect and monitor the
physical facility and support
infrastructure for organizational
systems

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it okay two things to break down here
physical facility uh and then there's
the support infrastructure all right two
different things two more things to
break down you have to do with them
protect them and monitor them to very
different things okay so a couple of
real life examples here I personally
think is very very very hard to
adequately monitor a physical facility
without having a camera system to do it
we were asked all the time uh why we
recommend camera systems uh when we're
putting together plans of actual
milestones for people and this is the
control where we look at it we go hey
look I don't know how else you could
really adequately monitor the physical
premise and look there's all kinds of
other great benefits to account camera
system like you know stopping theft
being able to ID people finding out if
you have tailgaters and things like that
I really can't emphasize you know look
it's really worth the investment you
don't have to go get a crazy expensive
one I mean heck they sell them for 200
on Amazon these days
so uh it doesn't have to cover
everything so there's another misnomer
okay camera system doesn't have to cover
everything but we we've used the litmus
test that the camera system really needs
to cover the entrances the exits and the
security sensitive areas which by the
way uh you determine as a company what
is a security sensitive area generally
speaking things like uh Network closets
or you know it rooms should definitely
have a camera on them and any kind of
really sensitive work areas where you're
dealing with cui uh you know again it's
up to the organization to be providing
adequate security and determine what
that means okay so there's some
flexibility here
short of that and I think it's pretty
tough to monitor the physical premise
okay protecting the physical facility is
a little easier you can do that with
locked doors and access control so the
protect part's not so bad but the
monitor part you gotta have camera
system uh and uh again lots of different
mechanisms for protecting right key fobs
door locks biometric locks you name it
all right do I think you can monitor and
protect the facility or the
infrastructure without a camera system
well tell me how in the comments below
if you think it's possible because uh
just because you have evidence of a key
fob access does not give you the ability
to monitor the building access control
is not monitoring okay let's see what
the assessors are looking for on this
one four things you're looking for one
determine if the physical facility where
organizational systems reside is
protected a couple ways we can do it we
can implement it via the physical
premise security system which may
include the dwarfobs an alarm system uh
you know a camera system although this
is all about determining if the physical
facility uh is actually protected so
cameras aren't going to protect they're
going to monitor but again it is it is a
deterrent so it does help assessment
Point number two determine if this if
the support infrastructure for
organizational systems is protected this
is implemented via the physical premise
security system physical access systems
uh again uh how is it protected again if
you've got a MAG lock on the door to the
server room really really tough to
really get through that thing same thing
uh in terms of uh you know the server
room and even a lock and key right if
there's a door there's a wall that's
pretty good uh pretty good
determine if the physical facility where
organizational systems resides is
monitored now this is again this is the
assessment point where I think it's so
hard to do this without a camera system
uh again our answer to it in fact is
implemented to be the physical premise
security system camera system all right
final assessment point is determine if
the support infrastructure for
organizational systems is monitored
again not just the physical facility but
now we're getting into the support
infrastructure like the server room
implemented via the physical private
security system and the camera system
specifically within it so again I think
we find that it's really hard to give
these answers without having a camera
system in place if you don't have a
camera system in your office keeping an
eye on things I highly recommend it
again it's just not that expensive
anymore you know even just a few years
ago it used to be really really
expensive to get one of those major
alarm companies actually give you a
working camera setup but these days it's
not so bad now uh if you're struggling
with this stuff if you can't figure it
out or if you have a day job which I
know you do and it's probably not
getting compliant the good news is that
in on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfars nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped in their laps like a seal
on a sunny day and we teach you how to
level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon so they have more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmccompliant secrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance nerds roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: cODpiP8k5PQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cODpiP8k5PQ
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control PE.L2-3.10.6 - Enforce safeguarding measures for CUI at alternate work sites
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control PE dot
l2-3.10.6 enforce safeguarding measures
for cui at alternate work sites this is
a good one

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
it's sad
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff on
top of it already Mount Fuji size
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so uh the inevitable
scenario here is that we have work that
needs to go on outside of our secure
buildings yes it happens and what it
does we have to account for it and
should have a policy in place yes that's
a hint that will dictate how we are
safeguarding cui when at alternate work
sites in case you didn't hear the hint
the hint is policy now I will tell you
we solved this for our clients with
training and we have created an actual
policy and standard operating procedure
called the alternate worksite policy
that's how we solve it if you're one of
our clients we take the time to walk you
through it and we work together to
customize it entirely for your
organization so you meet this control
that's the kind of stuff that we help
our clients with okay let's check out
what the assessors are looking for on
this one so uh first thing you're
looking for determine if safeguarding
measures for cui are defined for
alternate work sites again where do you
define that stuff right it's a policy so
again a sample answer might be the
company's it use and cyber security
policy provides safeguarding measures
for alternate work sites again it's a
really simple answer there next one
determine if safeguarding measures for
cui are enforced for alternate work
sites implement the company's it use and
cyber security policy provides
safeguarding measures for alternate work
sites example MFA multi-factor
authentication is required when working
at alternate works sites that's an
example of it
so hey and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfar's nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day baby we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you you can visit
cmfccompliancecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better Hulk smash that subscribe
button right now to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance turns roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: -IsFIMxsAwY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IsFIMxsAwY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control PS L2-3.9.1 - Screen individuals prior to authorizing access to organizational
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for your here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmfc control
ps.l2-3.9.1 screen individuals prior to
authorizing access to organizational
systems containing cui

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of the
cmmc dfars and nist sp800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so you're hired here's the
password to the next major piece of
military fear gear yikes okay so this is
an interesting control to try and
quantify because essentially the idea
here is that you should not just
randomly give someone access to cui all
right that would be bad that makes
enough sense to me but then they really
stop pretty short of telling you what
the qualifications should be or criteria
because of course every company and
situation is different all they're
really after here is what is the process
you use and can you show an assessor
what that looks like it better be
documented and formalized so they know
it's a repeatable hey here's yet another
hint you probably have it on have a
policy on that so if you don't have a
policy on that it's time to break out
the sharp pencil or just dial our phone
number and we'll hook you up with a
policy
honestly I think it's a little a little
bit goofy because screening doesn't
really specify anything nothing specific
like a background check uh no criminal
background check so why does this
actually increase security highly
interesting to me but who cares what I
think right because at the end of the
day uh it's really the assessors and
what they want and what they want is a
process not necessarily anything
specific in that process so hey fair
enough let's go see exactly what they
want on this one only one assessment
Point here which is determine if
individuals are screened prior to
authorizing access to organizational
systems containing cui uh if you were to
give a sample answer we would say hey
the organization utilizes a screening
and training process which includes
criminal background checks interviews
and drug tests prior to allowing system
access
so uh if you need more help on this uh
the good news is that an on-call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who've had this dfar's nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped into their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day and
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance service roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

thank you

######
Video ID: u-CiRBj_Ge4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-CiRBj_Ge4
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control PS L2-3.9.2 - Ensure that organizational systems containing CUI are protected
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
ps.l2-3.9.2 ensure that organizational
systems containing cui are protected
during and after Personnel actions such
as terminations and transfers

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist spout and 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance solution where we can
help you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so on this control we really dive a
little deeper into your operational
standard operating procedures okay that
is written policies that are in place
which guide and dictate Behavior around
certain events in this case the event is
termination of an employee a sensitive
event for any company but even more so
when you have controlled unclassified
information involved what the assessors
are really after here is do you have a
formal written process is your team
trained in it and can you prove that the
process is in place and working all very
important let's take a look at exactly
what the assessors want to see on this
one a couple assessment points here one
determine if a policy and or process for
terminating system access and any
credentials coincide with Personnel
actions is established and again a
little bit of complex one here if we're
going to give uh sort of an example we
would write what our process is right so
prior determination or at the time of
termination whichever comes first and it
ticket is put into the system to
immediately revoke all system access and
take immediate control and restrict
access to any connected devices which
may contain cui so again
we're just describing our procedures
there next assessment point determinive
system access and credentials are
terminated consistent with personal
Personnel actions such as termination or
transfer this is implemented per hr
termination policy so again
straightforward gotta have an HR
termination policy next one is determine
if system is protected during and after
Personnel transfer actions so remember
this may not be a termination it may be
a transfer they may be taking on
different job roles so they may not need
access to the rest of what they have
before again if we were to answer this
we'd say hey terminations are critical
severity events and the highest level
I.T Personnel taking media action to
secure organizational assets at the
first notification of termination for HR
policy the same goes for transfers so
again we sort of copy paste that one a
little bit but we also again highlight
the fact that transfers are treated the
same way
so hey at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfars nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that is what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below to get links that can help
you right now if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance runs rolled out I'm gonna
pause right there because let me tell
you what if you haven't subscribed to
our Channel
Now's the Time the heavens are raining
down and it's time to do your duty click
that like button click that subscribe
button we put this content out here for
free for you guys and you know what
there's always so much evolving and
changing when it comes to compliance and
keeping defense contractors where they
need to be in the know I want you to be
the first one to get that information so
if you haven't subscribed to our Channel
yet hit that subscribe button I think
you'll really love it until the next
compliance tip my friend stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: fkNQgSzCTmI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkNQgSzCTmI
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control RA.L2-3.11.1 - Periodically assess the risk to organizational operations
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

cmmccontrolra.l2-3.11.1 periodically
assess the risk to organizational
operations including the mission
functions image or reputation
organizational assets and individuals
resulting from the operation of
organizational systems and the
associated processing storage or
transmission of cui what a mouthful

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 1001 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news you found your
home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so
there's no getting around it this
control has a lot of big words okay and
if you're like me sitting at a third
grade reading level all I can say is
hang on I think my team gave us a
breakdown of what this actually means in
like somewhat plain English so basically
where we are going with this is into the
area of risk management we all know that
at the heart of nist SP 100 once in one
there's a lot of risk management Focus
now if you're an I.T guy at risk
Management's on the periphery but it may
not be your main thing and if you're an
attorney well then you know risk
management may be a little move a more
familiar subject and if you're a CEO hey
man risk that's like why I started my
business right taking big giant risks uh
managing those risks not such uh not
such a talent anyway this is a great
example where uh we are mandated to
evaluate the risk of operating the
business itself all right that's what
this control is actually about it's
about evaluating the risk of operating
as it relates to cui in the building
this is a great example where we are
mandated evaluate the risk of operating
the business itself and how operating
the business may put cui at risk it's
actually a really great high level
summary control and if they would have
used some more basic words to be honest
I think more of us would have an easier
time understanding the intent here
rather than dive into the exact wording
though let's go stream what the
assessors are looking for on this one to
learn more so two things you're looking
for one is determine if the frequency to
assess risk uh to organizational
operations uh organizational assets and
individuals is defined so did we Define
the risk okay do we Define the frequency
of how we're going to assess the risk
um how do we solve this this is a great
question right so we actually created a
quarterly risk management standard
operating procedure okay so if you're a
client of ours we actually customize a
risk management procedure for your
organization to help you meet this
control right the answer on paper is
frequencies is quarterly with larger
annual reviews per the company risk
management policy sop okay it could be
less often it could be more often it
depends on the size of your company the
risk you're dealing with Etc that's
something we can definitely help you
figure out uh you know and again if
you're struggling on the risk management
side of this it's totally understandable
it's not until you get to really really
big organizations that risk management
really sort of becomes more normalized
risk to organizational operations
organizational assets and individuals
resulting from the operation of an
organizational system that processes
stores or transmits cui is assessed with
the defined frequency so in other words
do you have a policy about it okay cool
the policy says it should be assessed
quarterly uh then are you actually doing
that assessment quarterly and can we see
evidence that you are so it's
implemented see risk management meeting
notes and time stamps now again so
critical that you have some kind of
evidence that you actually had meetings
where you manage risk if you're not
doing that it's something you have to
start doing if you don't know how to do
it one of the coolest things we've
created over the last five six years in
dealing with nist is we've created a
virtual compliance officer service it's
so cool it allows us to come in and be
your compliance officer you only pay a
fraction of the of the cost so again if
you're looking at this and you're going
through I don't have bandwidth to do
this in my day there's no way I can
manage all of this risk the good news is
we're highly experienced Risk Managers
we do this every day and it's a part of
our workflow and we can literally sort
of mesh gears if you will and make this
something that's really easy to do in
your organization led by professionals
so hey at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seal on a sunny day we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance
centers roll it out until the next
Appliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us up in the
comments below if you would like to know
anything else about information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one

all right

######
Video ID: 9PTIfGXeK_Y
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PTIfGXeK_Y
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control RA.L2-3.11.2 - Scan for vulnerabilities in organizational systems and applications
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrolra.l
2-3.11.2 scan for vulnerabilities and
organizational systems and applications
periodically and when new
vulnerabilities affecting those systems
and applications are identified

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
defarge and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it okay so this control is pretty easy
to comply with if you have the right
antivirus or endpoint management system
in place basically to break this down
you need antivirus or vulnerability scan
which is both scheduled and then
typically one that will also activate on
demand typically an event driven
activation such as a new file is
downloaded or a new device is attached
to the system such as a USB device thumb
drive portable hard drive that kind of
thing or upon file execution which
exhibits unexpected or specifically
malicious behavior
now let's dive into the assessment
points learn specifically what the
assessors want to see on this one uh
several assessment points so and again
the neat thing is they're sort of
describing how the antivirus needs to
function uh so first determine if the
frequency to scan for vulnerabilities
and organizational systems and
applications is defined uh if we were to
give an answer we might say hey
frequency is definitely defined within
the antivirus program or the endpoint
management system or even maybe the
firewall uh by the IT team the IT team
sets that frequency determine if
vulnerability scans are performed on
organizational systems with the defined
frequency so determine if they're
actually done again Implement and verify
by the IT team evidence exists within
the log files or the anti-virus files or
anything like that determinant
vulnerability scans are performed on
applications with the defined frequency
so now we're specific on applications
again we would just say hey this is
verified by the IT team they get reports
on the antivirus system or the endpoint
management system to prove that it is
actually happening next one is determine
if vulnerability scans are performed on
or organizational systems when new
vulnerabilities are identified
uh this is implemented verified by the
IT team evidence exists within the SCCM
uh so again uh just another example you
could use SCCM it's just sort of an
example we give uh final one is
determine if vulnerability scans are
performed on applications when new
vulnerabilities are identified so
basically is it automatic Implement and
verified by the IT team again the
evidence exists within the log files and
history of the anti-virus or endpoint
management solution
uh and hey if you have questions about
what's the best antivirus to make to use
what the best endpoint is you know what
we can probably give you a little bit of
guidance because we do that every day we
manage technology for literally uh tens
of thousands of endpoints and hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds of companies
uh we love taking care of the technology
management aspect of uh of things for
defense contractors along with
compliance we can definitely help you to
find a good suitable endpoint management
solution uh and if you are like so many
of our clients who have had this defars
nist itar and cmmc compliance stuff
dropped into their laps like a seal on a
sunny day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps great
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you you can visit CMC
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links that can allow you
to help get help right now if you love
the content we're putting out here for
you help us out with a big thumbs up on
that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance learns roll it out it's a
great way to stay in touch and to stay
up to date with what's going on in
compliance let's say next compliance tip
my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one

######
Video ID: 9UpidZidHHU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UpidZidHHU
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control RA.L2-3.11.3 - Remediate vulnerabilities in accordance with risk assessments
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control ra.l
2-3.11.3 remediate vulnerabilities in
accordance with risk assessments

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it I mean okay this control is honestly
pretty obvious a rare find in the nist
control world but basically as it states
if it's broken duh fix it let's look at
the assessment points here and see
exactly what we need to do to make those
assessors happy so two things we need to
do one determine if vulnerabilities are
identified lots and lots of ways to do
that again you can see examples from it
ticketing system uh you know things like
your endpoint management solution your
antivirus your firewall all of those
things are going to basically be places
where you can determine if
vulnerabilities are identified and of
course you're going to talk about them
in your quarterly risk management
meeting notes and email alert examples
lots of places to demonstrate this
second assessment point is determine if
vulnerability abilities are remediated
in accordance with risk assessments
again this is implemented C poem and
risk management meeting sop additional
evidence may be found in the incident
response policy so three different
places that again we're all addressing
those vulnerabilities and how we're
remediating them so uh at on-call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dfars nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped into
their laps like a seal on a sunny day
baby and we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps great
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance in order to roll it out I'll
tell next compliance tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

######
Video ID: GoBFI6JkDwQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoBFI6JkDwQ
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC L2-3.13.6 - Deny network communications traffic by default and allow network
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back I bet you didn't think I'd be
back but here I am live on the screen
baby
and if you're hearing my voice and
you're like I know that guy
I didn't do it anyway uh back with
another compliance tip of the week this
week we're talking about cmmc control SC
dot

l2-3.13.6 deny network communications
traffic by default and allow network
communications traffic by exception I.E
deny it all baby and permitted by
exception only if you're good

all right

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp171 compliant stuff on
top of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so
you guys know by now that I am a giant
compliance geek
I am well that's what they wrote In The
Script okay fine I'll own that I do talk
about compliance a lot so technically I
guess that makes me a compliance key
I'll own that fine I think the idea of
compliance itself is super cool and this
control is a terrific example of why and
this control like I wouldn't have
written that at all like not even like
ah compliant yeah all right whatever
I'll own it it's I'll own it I'm reading
it it must be me I must have written
this uh Hey in this control we are not
only teaching but forcing people to do
the right thing now I believe in that I
believe compliance is cool for that
maybe I did write this silly little
script uh so look uh that's the whole
point of compliance right it's to force
you to do the right thing the number one
security blunder we find and we find it
almost everywhere uh we go is that
firewalls are configured with wide open
ports guys I just oh it just kills me I
see it everywhere allowing any kind of
traffic you can imagine in and out
without detection or really any throttle
on it at all BitTorrent check check uh
malware check uh you know why because
when when traffic can flow on any port
through the firewall who's gonna stop it
nothing so worse often these ports are
left open during a pants on fire moment
to get some system like a Voiceover IP
telephone system up and running and then
they are never put back to the lockdown
status they should have been in all
along then the bad stuff happens
firewalls should always be denial permit
by exception both incoming and outgoing
if I had a dollar for every time I went
into someone's Network and their
outgoing ports were allow all or in any
any rule oh man guys go check your
firewall right now like if you're
watching this video this is your sign go
look at your firewall and go see if
you've got way more ports open than you
should meanwhile let's dive into the
assessment points on this one so we can
figure out how to make them happy uh
assassin Point number one determine if
network communications traffic is denied
by default ultimately what you're really
going to have to do is you're gonna have
to show them your firewall right so
we'll you know the SSP answer is we're
going to say implemented via firewalls
because it's really like you have to
demonstrate this to an Assessor sure
second assessment criteria is determine
if network communications traffic is
allowed by exception again that's when
you're going to specifically allow
certain traffic on certain ports and
again you really have to kind of show
that to them via the firewall a written
answer is implemented via firewalls now
if you are banging your head against the
wall and you're this deep and you just
like six to 18 months or two years into
figuring this out guys let us come and
help you in just two to three days
because at on call we work with defense
contractors just like you every day who
have had this D far's nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon it's playing more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you and I want to see you
with higher profit margins okay even if
you're not someone directly responsible
for that you can help your company do
that you're golden they're gonna love
you alright now if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
to get the links you need for help right
now
if you love the content we're putting
out here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliance centers roll it out until
the next compliance tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

######
Video ID: myW9keRSZIU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myW9keRSZIU
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L1-3.13.1 - Monitor, control, and protect communications (i.e., information
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

sc.l1-3.13.1 monitor control and protect
Communications I.E information
transmitter received by organizational
systems at the external boundaries and
key internal boundaries of
organizational systems

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you we've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it all right now generally speaking this
control is another one which is
specifically dictating behavior and how
your system must operate in order to be
compliant in case you couldn't figure it
out this control is specifically
pointing out the functionality of a
firewall
who would have guessed protecting
internal and external boundaries is
exactly what a firewall does however I
think it's also important to recognize
that it's not just any firewall will do
there are probably uh you know there are
a lot of assessment points here and the
reality is a router you find at Best Buy
is probably not adequate to do the trick
instead we're going to need a solid
business grade or preferably an
Enterprise grade firewall when we look
at the assessment points I'll show you
why now keep in mind Enterprise grade
does not necessarily mean expensive it's
all about the features it has so again
small micro businesses let me not scare
you you can do this and if you don't
feel comfortable reach out to us and we
can definitely help let's check out what
the assessment points look like on this
one prepare yourself it's a little bit
of a long one I'm gonna sweat really
hard on this teleprompter because this
font is small all right assessment point
one determine if the external system
boundary is defined uh so have we
defined what is on the outside what's on
the inside of our secure network uh if
we were to answer this we'd say hey
Define is those specific authorized
devices which have been authorized and
approved to access cui by the IT team
and the information owner boundary
examples are the individual systems and
access cui and of course the secure
environment right so anything on the
local area network is internal anything
on the wide area network or the internet
is well external so again the external
boundary is the firewall between the
inside secure network and the outside
all right assessment Point number two
determine if key internal system
boundaries are defined so now we're
talking about internal boundaries
uh internal boundaries are defined as
those resources behind organizational
firewalls and behind uh the secure data
Enclave environment so again within
whatever the secure setup is that you
have if you even have one maybe your
entire network is the secure Enclave
assessment Point number three determine
if Communications are monitored at the
external system boundary this is
implemented via the you guessed it the
seam solution if you don't know what a
seam solution is go back and watch some
of our other videos or give us a call
it's the security information and event
management system that you should have
in place to be compliant and of course
firewall monitoring service whether
you're monitoring the firewall yourself
or whether you have an external third
party like us again someone should be
there to be monitoring that next
assessment Point determinative
Communications are monitored at Key
internal boundaries this is implemented
via the same solution and firewall
monitoring service again start breaking
these down a little bit simpler
determine if Communications are
controlled at the external system
boundary implemented via the
organization's firewalls again important
protocol controller great examples of
those
determinive Communications are
controlled at Key internal boundaries
now this could mean a lot of different
things if you're a large organization it
might mean that you actually have things
like sub networks or vlans you know
virtual local area networks could mean a
couple of different things everybody's
going to have a different answer here
but in this example it's not such a huge
Network we're just saying Hey look it's
implemented via the organizational
firewalls that's where it is uh
determine if Communications are
protected at the external system
boundary well are they of course they
are but what it's going to take to do
that is probably to have some kind of a
packet sensing or packet reviewing type
of firewall so again as the packets go
in and out of firewall the key here is
that they are essentially being scanned
for malicious packets or activity and
that's going to be what protects the
external system boundary okay so again
implemented be the organizational
firewalls this is one more reason why a
basic you know firewall without active
packet filtration just really won't work
here uh determinive Communications are
protected at the key internal boundaries
so again implementing the organization's
firewalls your firewall should be able
to do uh you know all of that packet
filtering and packet sensing and you
know hopefully it's you know got some of
those Enterprise grade features like
built-in web filters and malicious
content filters and things like that so
again that's how to that's how to solve
for that so hey and on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day okay even
if you're just struggling to manage the
technology or implement the right
firewall guys we can help on a granular
level just reach out to us we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that is what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance
service roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: nv3JLBjySgQ
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv3JLBjySgQ
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L1-3.13.5 - Implement subnetworks for publicly accessible system components that
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week and I'm excited to see you baby
all right this week we're talking about
cmmc control SC dot
l1-3.13.5 Implement sub networks for
publicly accessible system components
that are physically or logically
separated from internal networks let's
find out what in the world they mean on
this one

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired alone
sad and you need a friend
well here's the good news
we understand you
we understand all the cmmc dfars and
nist SP 10171 compliance stuff and we
know that you've got a big workload and
you're tired and we know a lot of things
about you because we're inside of
YouTube and
it gets creepy in here but I have great
news because you found your home right
here with us at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform from lonely and sad into happy
and glad baby by becoming your own
company's on-call compliance hero all
right let's jump into it uh so very
interesting control here and I think
this is really rooted in basic security
best practices some companies need to
have open guest networks or may have a
lab environment where they're unable to
apply the niche controls to uh and
properly secure in these cases it is
Paramount highly important the segment
the networks show that devices which are
not secured can't touch devices which
are secured now if you're a small to
mid-size office and your shoulders keep
going up and down and up and down and up
and down and you're like what are they
talking about no worries all right you
likely have everything completely locked
down or have no publicly accessible
system components cool no problem
oftentimes the way we answer this is to
acknowledge that we have no publicly
available system component however we
state that this is by Design because
that would simply be less secure than
having them let's dive into the
assessment points on this one and I
think it will soon be clear as a lead
kite for you alright so assessment Point
number one of two is determine a
publicly accessible system components
are identified uh implemented right
Network diagram identified as secure
web-based login screen to select sde
components or secure data Enclave
components that's one way to answer the
question but ultimately I think maybe a
better answer is whip out the network
diagram and let's demonstrate that to
the Assessor second assessment point is
determine if sub networks for publicly
accessible system components are
physically or logically separated from
internal Networks yes implemented the
sde web-based login screen for select
components is logically separated and
protected utilizing multi-factor
authentication and privileged identity
management in order to allow access to
non-public information so again that's a
fairly specific answer if I was to break
that down a little bit more generically
the answer for that second assessment
Point determine if sub networks for
publicly accessible system components
are physically or logically separated
from the internal networks again really
it's you know it's two parts because it
depends on how the network is put
together one you could be doing a
network diagram right and just here you
go here's our Network diagram and it
defines all that two is you may have to
actually show them if you have no sort
of diagram that defines that stuff you
may have to show them settings but
either way they've got to determine that
if they're an Assessor so hey at on call
we work with defense contractors just
like you who have had this dfar's nist
itar and cmmc compliance stuff dropped
into their laps like a seagull on a
sunny day and we teach you how to level
up and be a proper on-call compliance
hero for your company eliminating gaps
gray areas and helping get this solved
all while showing you how to leverage
compliance has your secret weapon to
land more Defense work with higher
profit margins now that's what becoming
an on-call compliance hero can do for
you if you're looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance turns roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance see
you on the next one

######
Video ID: xL4jpkcEU5A
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xL4jpkcEU5A
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.10 - Establish and manage cryptographic keys for cryptography employed
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control sc.l
2-3.13.10 establish and manage
cryptographic keys for cryptography
employed in organizational systems

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload I've got great news for you uh
you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero like a
caterpillar into a butterfly baby that's
what we're doing let's jump into it this
is an interesting control as it
essentially is mandating good and proper
housekeeping this requirement emphasizes
the importance of implementing
appropriate key management practices to
ensure the security of cryptographic
operations the control requires
organizations to define specific
requirements for key generation
distribution storage access and
destruction by following these
requirements organizations can
effectively manage cryptographic keys
and maintain the security of their
systems let's take a look in plain
English version of what the assessors
are looking for on this one all right
two things one determine if
cryptographic keys are established
whenever cryptography is employed again
we would say this is implant the IT team
manages all cryptographic keys a lot of
times this is done in active directory
or Azure active directory uh sometimes
it's done through other methods but
again you just have to show them that
you have a method second assessment
point is determine if cryptographic keys
are managed uh whenever cryptography is
employed implemented it team manages all
cryptographic keys
pretty simple and straightforward stuff
again every company is going to have a
little bit of an individual scenario on
this uh the most common one I think is
going to be active directory uh you know
type passwords and things like that so
again active directory for the most part
really does this in an automated way now
uh if you were banging your head against
the wall and are kind of listening to
our videos and thinking to yourself man
uh this is a lot easier than trying to
figure this out on my own great because
hey that's what we do here at on call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this defars nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped in
their laps like a Serial on a sunny day
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminated gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc complianceecrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
you help us out with a big thumbs up on
that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance words roll it out until our
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: NdcOTJijaY0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdcOTJijaY0
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.11 - Employ FIPS-validated cryptography when used to protect the
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control sc.l
2-3.13.11 employee Phipps validated
cryptography when used to protect the
confidentiality of cui what a nightmare

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 100 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it as I like to say oh the dreaded
Phipps rule yes currently and this may
potentially change in uh nist SP 800171
revision 3 which is due to come out in
23 sometime uh when using encryption to
secure cui you must utilize a fips
validated encryption if that is the only
Safeguard I.E it's not going to be
physically safeguarded as well that's an
important note uh this is not so bad you
guys if your network is within your
secure facility it is physically
protected and does not carry the
requirement so it doesn't apply to
everything but it certainly applies
those key areas such as VPN and wireless
access which cannot be physically
protected
yes there is an article out there where
Microsoft is openly saying that fips may
not even be the most secure or
recommended method of encryption I get
it this is true but it doesn't matter as
this is the current requirement here's a
hint 256-bit AES encryption is fips
140-2 compliant it's available in most
products let's find out more about what
the assessors are looking for on this
one because it's pretty short and simple
they're going to determine if fips
validated cryptography is employed to
protect the content GI of cui our answer
is going to be a template in all cases
where encryption is the only available
Safeguard to protect the confidentiality
of cui that encryption utilized is fips
140-2 uh validated so again
generally speaking most Wireless and VPN
connections already have a 256-bit AES
encryption capability we just need to
make sure that's the one that's selected
and there is an amazing way to make this
one very very easy I know it's very
highly talked about and if you can't
figure it out for your organization
because you've got some interesting
complexities or just really honestly
you're tired of dealing with compliance
and you'd rather us just come do the
heavy lift for you the great news is
that on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into laps like
a seal on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance has your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance learns
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: Moc_gpTR8Lc
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Moc_gpTR8Lc
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.12 - Prohibit remote activation of collaborative computing devices and
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

sc.l2-3.13.12 prohibit remote activation
of collaborative Computing devices and
provide indication of devices in use to
users present at the device

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it here's the big question what on Earth
is a collaborative Computing device I
mean seriously what is that do you know
10 points if you do well it turns out
that what they're actually referring to
are items such as webcams and
microphones and I know interactive
whiteboards I'm not you know can't make
this stuff up uh that allow you to
collaborate with others so why they
couldn't just say that I have no idea
meanwhile the interesting thing is that
this functionality is essentially a
built-in functionality these devices
already perform the function via either
a small indicator light you know when
you turn your on your your webcam or
even your smartphone there's a little
indicator light a lot of times people
don't even notice that or they play a
tone uh when
um you know when the device turns on
like when we turn on a camera it'll play
a little tone when you hit the record
button so now the issue of not allowing
these devices to really activate may be
a different story personally I recommend
the the answer that these devices May
either be disconnected or disabled when
not in use another answer that works may
be that without multi-factor
authentication access to the machine
where these devices are hosted nothing
could be activated so there's sort of a
multi-factor authentication and a login
variable that would be mandated so they
really just can't be randomly activated
remotely so let's dive into what the
assessors are looking for on this one
three assessment points one determine if
collaborative Computing devices are
identified so are they identified uh
Implement they're identified in the
Baseline Network inventory configuration
again if you've done your due diligence
and you've done all the documentation
you're supposed to do on your network
that includes computer inventories and
Equipment inventories and things like
that you should be listing out webcams
microphones Etc in there if they're
external or included in the machine
itself second assessment Point determine
if collaborative Computing devices
provide indication to users of devices
in use implemented webcams phones all
have light and or sound indicators that
the device is in use assessment Point
number three determine if remote
activation of collaborative Computing
devices is prohibited implemented remote
activation collaborative Computing
devices is not possible without
authorization via multi-factor
authentication again that's just an
example the answer there's probably
better answers you could have but again
that's one that we put in here that'll
fit the bill also disabling webcams and
microphones when not in use is another
great way to solve for this control now
uh at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on sunny day we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins yes I promise it's
possible now that's what becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now I love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance cards
roll it out it's a great way to make
sure you're in the loop as compliance
continues to evolve until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and drop your comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next next one

######
Video ID: UDj3yLIFTuI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDj3yLIFTuI
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.13 - Control and monitor the use of mobile code
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control sc.l
2-3.13.13 control and monitor the use of
mobile code

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's dive in
here okay first thing to figure out is
what is mobile code great question
well I've got an answer why do I talk to
myself I don't know sometimes it's more
fun when it feels like there's multiple
people in my head mobile code is uh in
this sense is code such as Flash and
JavaScript that can be moved from system
to system and run without compiling this
makes scripts and these languages much
more dangerous and vulnerable because
there is no compiling necessary it just
runs on execution which is why it is
very popular and attacks so what's the
solvency here two items antivirus or
endpoint Management systems are often
built to manage the risk and then of
course firewalls that have advanced
packet filtering anti-virus and other
security features built in we'll scan
this kind of code on its way into the
network and recognize it as risky or
vulnerable in most cases for an exact
answer let's dive into what the
assessors are looking for on this one
two things they're looking for one
determine if use of mobile code is
controlled in other words do you have
firewall policies or anti-virus policies
that are controlling what can be used
when Etc so uh our sample answer is
mobile code is controlled via firewall
policies and endpoint management system
policies again in your endpoint
management system you're usually going
to find antivirus second assessment
Point determine if use of mobile code is
monitored I would say this implemented
firewall and endpoint management system
logs are ingested into the same solution
for monitoring that's right we're gonna
need our seam system to come on in on
this control so we can determine if the
use of mobile code is actually monitored
yes that's what's going to send you the
alerts
so hey and on call we work with defense
contractor just like you to figure this
stuff out because when you've had this
defar's nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropped into your lap like I see
you on a sunny day we teach you how to
level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links that'll allow you to
get help right now
don't wait six to 18 months to get this
thing solved you need to solve right now
and that's where we come in if you love
the content we're putting out here for
you help us out with a big thumbs up on
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance service roll it out or if you
want the Easy Button just give us a call
or visit one of our links in in the bio
below visit one of our websites and
self-schedule some time with one of our
amazing certified compliance Engineers
calls free never cost anything anything
to find out how we can help and it might
just save you the next six to 24 months
until the next compliance tip my friend
stay safe and secure out there and hit
us in the comments below to let us know
what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: QyoGgMbSMqo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyoGgMbSMqo
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.14 - Control and monitor the use of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP)
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder back
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm here with the compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control

sc.l2-3.13.14 control monitor the use of
voice over IP Internet Protocol
Technologies
because everybody needs a little
eavesdropping

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc
dvars and this SP Hunter 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so this is a challenging control to
understand almost because it is too
intuitive it's not a trick question as
many people in the past had assumed what
they're ultimately looking for is to
understand how your voice over IP system
works and how you control a monitor who
is using it and what's being done with
it so understand how to solve this
better let's dive into the assessment
points which I think will make it much
easier to explain by the way if you
don't have any Voiceover IP technology
in place well you might want to think
twice because things like zoom and teams
and WebEx those are all Voiceover IP
Technologies so uh you probably use them
somewhere in your business it might just
be a physical it might just not be a
physical telephone so what are they
looking for one determine if use of
voice over IP protocol Technologies is
controlled
what does a sample answer look like well
we might say the organization utilizes
voice over IP phones uh you know just
because it's easier to give an example
when you do use them which utilize
encryption and is set to require
passwords on voicemail boxes the phone
system is controlled by the voice uh
voice over IP system administrator VoIP
phone system access is only possible
within the physical premise right that's
pretty normal and no cui is stored on
voicemail per company policy so again
there's a policy in there too but again
also only authorized devices are allowed
to connect to the phone system right so
things that have been activated and Mac
address onboarded and things like that
now second control Point determine if
use of voice over IP Technologies is
monitored Voiceover IP system is
monitored by the IT team via automated
system alerts which are sent via email
and based on issue severity added to the
it ticketing system for review and
problem resolution that's one possible
answer we could also say hey look
um you know Voiceover IP system is going
to email alerts directly to somebody
yeah maybe the 84 the VoIP phone system
administrator lots of different ways to
monitor that stuff again it's all about
how your system is set up so that answer
should be customized into uh you know
your own company and hey if you need
help doing that the good news is that on
on call we work with defense contractors
just like you to do exactly that
especially when they've had this dfars
nist itar and cmmc compliance stuff
dropped into their laps like a seagull
on a sunny day we teach you how to level
up and be a proper on-call compliance
hero for your company eliminating gaps
great areas and getting this solved all
while showing you how to leverage
compliance is your secret weapon to land
more Defense work with higher profit
margins now that's what becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance runs
roll it out until next compliance my
friends stay safe and secure out there
and hit us in the comments below to let
us know what you'd like to know more
about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: STyva5S56YU
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STyva5S56YU
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.15 - Protect the authenticity of communications sessions
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with Hong Kong compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

sc.l2-3.13.15 protect the authenticity
of communication sessions

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp800 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you if you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so uh here's a question is
it really you I mean is it you are you
sure it's you this control relates to
making sure that users and their
communication actions are verified
somehow typically this is done by making
sure a user has to log in before being
able to communicate and another method
is by only allowing devices which have
been pre-verified to be acceptable such
as logging a phone into a phone system
via Mac address as is common in most
VoIP systems let's drill into what the
assessor is really looking for on this
one and I think the right answers will
make themselves obvious so what are they
looking for looking to determine if the
authenticity of communication sessions
is protected how do we do that a lot of
different ways
uh so it could be via uh multi-factor
authentication on communication sessions
uh uh and encryption certificates which
are verified to be implemented and
working correctly by it administrators
uh where required of course uh to
protect the authenticity of
communication sessions under the
company's management that's definitely a
very relevant answer other ways are that
you know you may have to only allow
certain people with a password into an
online meeting that's a great way to
verify the authenticity is if you set up
passwords on your Zoom meetings uh you
know or teams another way is again you
know teams verifying who can come via
the email address of course that's one
way and then finally you know again by
only being allowed to use devices that
are physically within a network that are
hooked up to a Voiceover IP system is
one other way although that one's kind
of a little bit of a stretch unless
you've got a password to actually use
the phone but I have seen that feature
so it's worth mentioning now if you are
a defense contractor and you have just
had this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into your lap
like a seagull on a sunny day or you're
struggling Under the Mountain of
policies that you've got to write and
all of the struggle struggles you've got
to go through just in order to figure
out how to be compliant with this stuff
the great news is we can help Okay we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmccompliance secrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better You Guessed
It smash the Subscribe button to get the
latest compliance content as soon as our
compliance centers roll it out and I
gotta tell you every time we hit a new
subscriber we jump for joy around here
hit the gong it's a big win and you know
what everybody's having a party until
the next compliance tip my friends stay
safe and secure out there hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: MjNL-gHBL-Y
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjNL-gHBL-Y
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.16 - Protect the confidentiality of CUI at rest
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control SC dot
l2-3.13.16. oh we're getting up there in
that control family 13 right protect the
confidentiality of cui at rest

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP Hunter 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload uh guess what you have found
yourself in the right place you found
your home here with on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance hero and that's what I want
to see baby I want to see you in a cave
jumping from your chair nothing unsafe
okay nothing unsafe I know when you
figure out compliance you feel like a
superhero Don't Do dummy superhero
things
but you should feel good about it anyway
I digress let's jump into it okay so in
this control they are specifically
looking for answers on how you will be
protecting confidentiality uh one
thought that I had here is usually when
you hear confidentiality it's already a
clue that they may not be looking for an
answer related to encryption that's
right because they would just say
encryption like they do in other
controls in fact this is true with this
control they just want to verify how you
are keeping cui safe and confidential
our example answer here on this control
will demonstrate multiple ways of how to
prove confidentiality when it comes to
managing cui so let's Dive Right into
what the assessors are looking for on
this one and I'll show you a sample
answer what are we looking for just one
assessment point they're looking to
determine if the confidentiality of cui
at rest is protected pretty simple and
straightforward lots of ways to do it so
if we were to give a sample answer we'd
say hey cui at rest on mobile devices is
protected utilizing full disk encryption
and cui at rest on non-mobile devices is
protected by physical safeguards within
the cure physical premise hey makes
sense to me pretty simple and
straightforward and thankfully this is a
pretty easy control to deal with and hey
at on call we work with defense
contractors just like you to turn these
complicated controls into answers that
could be that simple all tailored to
your organization all delivered in a
done-for-you format so if you've had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into your lap
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
a limited gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and your organization
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com that's
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance earns
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one
foreign

anyway

######
Video ID: RwJSFMoikV4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwJSFMoikV4
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.2 - Employ architectural designs, software development techniques, and
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freder here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control scl2 d3.1 3.2 employee
architectural designs software
development techniques and system
engineering principles that promote
effective information security within
organizational

systems so hey if you're at def
contractor who feeling overwhelmed tired
and alone trying to understand all this
cmmc DS and nists sp00 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your companies on
call compliance Hero Let's jump into it
so I will tell you I like to divide how
this control is answered into two groups
group one excuse me is is two is is the
small to midsize businesses who do not
develop their own software have small
simple systems and who ultimately there
really isn't much to answer here on this
control because they're using
off-the-shelf software and security is
handled by Third parties and in that
case the answers are pretty simple for
the rest of the companies who are a
little bit larger have more complex
networks and especially those who
develop their own software especially
that software used to store transmit or
process cui this will be one of the
longest control answers for you the
reason is because you are going to have
to detail a lot of different points in
your plan about how each aspect which
touches cui is secured and how it
evolves in continuing meeting security
to understand more of this I think it's
best to go straight to the assessment
points here now to help with giving you
a more complex answer we are using an
example from a larger Network that does
in fact develop its own software it has
a more complex setup if you have a
simpler company well your answer will of
course be a little more simple so let's
dive in uh three assessment points one
determine if architectural designs that
promote effective information security
are identified uh if we were to answer
this again I'm not going to give the
most complicated answer here but uh we
might say that it's identified within
system security plan in addition VLS are
in place to promote uh an effective
Network architecture or maximum security
and efficiency within the network and of
course whenever our code is developed uh
we are using best-in class and best
practices when it comes to architectural
designs for software creation next
assessment Point determine if software
development techniques that promote
effective information security are
identified uh so we may say hey this is
implemented via code compilers debuggers
malicious code scans and testing used
during any relevant application
development uh again assessment Point
number three determine if systems
engineering principles that promote
effective information security are
identified we might say implemented
identified within the system security
plan and again we may identify all
throughout this plan because that's
really what this is all about is
architecting a system that is secure so
uh more assessment points determine if
identified architectural designs that
promote effective information security
are employed so are we actually using
some of those more secure designs in
what we're building uh again another
sample answer would be implemented
throughout the information system
examples are vlans and system
segmentation separation for air gapping
and just an example answer there next
assessment point is determine if
identified software development
techniques that promote effective
information security are employed uh
implemented via code compilers debuggers
malicious code scans and testing used
during any relevant application
development uh pretty simple and
straightforward there and then determine
if identified systems engineering
principles that promote effective
information security are employed again
we would say hey this is you know
effective information security is
employed through the system uh can be
demonstrated in a variety of ways and
there are examples throughout this
system security plan pretty good way to
do it again the assessors may have their
own set of things that they want to
actually sort of investigate in person
uh but again as far as the system
security plan I think those are more
than adequate answers and we've
certainly got them to pass so hey at on
call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this DARS
nist itar and cmmc compliance stuff
dropped in their laps like a seagull on
a sunny day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to then more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now out if
you love the content we're putting out
here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button to get
the latest compliance content as soon as
our compliance n roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next

one

######
Video ID: E9GKjyC789A
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9GKjyC789A
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.3 - Separate user functionality from system management functionality
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey it's Mike breeder here with on-call
compliance Solutions and I'm back with
another compliance tip of the week this
week we're talking about cmmc control

sc.l2-3.13.3 separate user functionality
from system management functionality

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff or just the meaning of life on top
of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so
this control is sort of a basic best
practice let's use the it admin example
in case you're not familiar with this it
admin should not be using a full admin
account at all times bad they should
only be using that admin account when
they are performing administrative
functions the reason is because it makes
it so much easier to detect attacks
where someone may have compromised
credentials and gotten in under an admin
account this is really where your
steamer security information and event
management system is a bigger helper in
identifying those odd logins at 3am by
well you while you were sleeping what's
up with that a huge indicator of attack
if you are mostly using a regular
account then generally speaking it is
much harder to have the admin account
hacked and attacked because that's not
what you're in 90 of the time let's
learn more about about this by reviewing
the assessment points so three points
one determine if user functionality is
identified uh again if we're gonna say
this is implemented we would say user
functionality is identified via active
directory organizational units and user
account levels maybe even access control
is lots and lots of different things
that we could use here next assessment
plan is determine if system management
functionality is identified it's
implemented system management
functionality is identified via access
to system management tools by authorized
privileged users okay one more thing uh
third assessment Point determine if user
functionality is separated from your
system management functionality again we
would say this is implemented and the
evidence is in active directory there's
ous there's security groups again it's
all very well easy to determine there
now if you are struggling or banging
your head against the wall trying to
figure all of this dfar's nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff uh well the good
news is is that we can help we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company so if
you've had this stuff laid in your lap
like a seagull on a sunny day that's
what we're here for baby we can help you
eliminate gaps great areas and get this
solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you uh if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below to get help with
compliance right now love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better Hulk smash that
subscribe button to show us some love
and get the latest compliance content as
soon as our compliance starts roll it
out until the next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
and hit us in the comments below to let
us know what you'd like to know more
about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: 3ae3SNUqjVY
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ae3SNUqjVY
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.4 - Prevent unauthorized and unintended information transfer via shared
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for you here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control
sc.l2-3.13.4 prevent unauthorized and
unintended information transfer via
system uh resources excuse me via shared
system resources

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP harder 101
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so uh all right on this one
there are a few uh really a lot of ways
information transfer can occur which is
not intended a great example is access
to cui on shared drives which are mapped
to computers or accounts they should not
be there are lots of other ways to go uh
but but to go directly to what the
assessors are after here let's head
straight to what the assessors really
want to see all right they're really
looking for one thing determine if
unauthorized and unintended information
transfer via shared system resources is
prevented uh we would probably give a
couple of examples we would say hey it's
prevented via file system permissions
and Patch management to prevent exploits
allowing unintended information
transferred by attackers and again we
would honestly just probably show them
different elements of our system that
are you know things like permissions and
access lists to demonstrate compliance
with this control
if you're scratching your head you're
going Mike that made no sense to me or
I've been banging my head against the
wall for this on this control for a
while and you're just trying to figure
all this stuff out I totally get it
that's exactly why we make this video
series because it on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who've
had this dfar's nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a single on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance has your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc complianceecrets.com
or check out the bio below for links to
get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out there for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance starts roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: cHTk1pXDVxI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHTk1pXDVxI
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.7 - Prevent remote devices from simultaneously establishing non-remote
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control sc.l
2-3.13.7 prevent remote devices from
simultaneously establishing non-remote
connections with organizational systems
and communicating via some other
connection to resources and external
networks I.E split tunneling and the
longest run-on sentence ever in
compliance history

all right
so hey if you're a defense contractor is
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it baby all right you gotta love the
folks who wrote this because they are
bringing in Old School basic best
practices and mixing it up a little bit
for us in these control families this
control is all about lowering the
footprint and number of vectors of
attack here's how the attack Works your
home computer gets compromised by an
attacker with a remote connection into
your PC maybe because your grandma
thought that that awesome tech support
was something she needed
we've been there
it's just a minute it's okay
We All Fall for attack
you then spin up a VPN connection to the
end of the corporate Network and
theoretically they have access except
that the compromise is to your home
computer that just connected your
corporate Network and it relies on that
base internet connection to stay
connected when you use the VPN tunnel to
talk to your corporate Network
boom hackers get in with very little
friction and life gets ugly for you baby
we don't want that to happen now if when
you connect to your corporate VPN it
does not allow those two connections to
communicate simultaneously and only
allows internet originating through the
VPN tunnel when it's connected then the
attacker gets cut off because the
outside base internet connection is not
allowed in out traffic anymore that all
has to go through the singular VPN
connection and nobody on the outside can
really enter that
this is why split tunneling is so
dangerous and if you're trying to be
compliant it's just simply not allowed
now let's see what the assessors are
looking for on this one
really only looking for one thing
determine if remote devices are
prevented from simultaneously
establishing non-remote connections with
the system and communicating via some
other connection to resources and
external networks I.E split tunneling
I.E they just pretty much wrote the
control again so how do we do that uh
we're gonna we're gonna say hey split
tunneling is turned off for VPN access
right that's we're going to write in the
plan and realistically uh we're just
gonna have to show this uh configuration
to an assessor right you're gonna have
to prove to them that that's what what
the reality is
now uh at on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfars nist itar and cmmc compliance
stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day and we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved almost showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmcc complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance starts
roll it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance and we'll see you on the
next one

foreign

######
Video ID: UIoZSZYo6Z0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIoZSZYo6Z0
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.8 - Implement cryptographic mechanisms to prevent unauthorized disclosur
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike Fred here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control
scl23
13.8 say that five times fast I dare you
implement cryptographic uh mechanisms to
prevent unauthorized disclosure of cui
during transmission unless otherwise
protected by alternative physical

safeguards say hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
this cmmc DS and nist sp800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it all right so uh I I had
mentioned this in a previous video but
here's how it all works there are two
ways to protect cui one you can
physically protect cui many examples of
that such as securing it within Access
Control areas uh Etc uh two you can
encrypt it in situations where you
cannot physically protect it such as
vpns wireless networks Etc this is a
specific control which mandates
encryption be used when physical
safeguards can't be used to learn more
let's dive into the assessment points
and how to make those assessors do the
happy dance chaa all right uh assessment
Point number one determine if
cryptographic mechanisms intended to
prevent unauthorized disclosure of cui
are identified uh I don't know how do we
answer that right so we might say hey
examples are wireless encryption and VPN
encryption and you may just have to show
some configurations to an assessor uh
next one determine if alternative
physical safeguards intend to prevent
unauthorized disclosure of cui are
identified uh again uh examples are the
physical premise security system and it
and cyber security policy addressing
physical safeguards for
cui uh final one determine if either
cryptographic mechanisms are or
alternative physical safeguards are
implemented to prevent unauthorized
disclosure of cui during transmission
again uh if this was implemented we
would say hey test the VPN wireless
access and physical premise security
system or you know make like poker and
show your cards right we're going to
basically walk the accessor through our
configurations and that's how we're
going to approach this one and hey uh at
on call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this defs
nist itar and cmmc compliance stuff
dropped into their laps like a seagull
on a sunny day we teach you how to level
up and be a proper on call compliance
hero for your company eliminating gaps
Gray areas and getting this solved all
while showing you how to leverage
compliance as your secret weapon to land
more Defense work with higher profit
margins now that's what becoming an on
call compliance hero can do for you and
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now and if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance owners
roll it out until next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
and let us know in the comments below
what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next

one

######
Video ID: nHcstFmGb18
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHcstFmGb18
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SC.L2-3.13.9 - Terminate network connections associated with communications
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

sc.l2-3.13.9 terminate network
connections associated with
communication sessions at the end of the
sessions are after a defined period of
inactivity

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so what's the story here well
basically the idea is that we don't want
to leave the window open for the
boyfriend to come in late at night
simply put idle connections are a
massive problem because if the system is
compromised and you don't know it and if
that connection to the secure system
containing cui is on all they have to do
is wait a few hours to make sure you
went to bed and there's no activity and
boom they're in the window baby they're
already climbing in and because you left
the window open there's nothing to tell
you that they're there doing bad things
anyway the solvency for this making sure
and the solvency for this is making sure
that when you are done with a connection
you close it or there's an automated
method of closing it such as terminate
on idle time setup or your vpns and
remote applications idle time so let's
dive into specifics of how this one is
assessed three major assessment points
on this one determine if a period of
inactivity to terminate network
connections associated with
communication sessions is defined so did
we Define a period of inactivity so
again the control specifically calls out
an activity as a method for terminating
network connections so there's not
really a lot of guesswork on that that's
kind of nice so what are we going to say
we're going to say hey yes it's
implemented via the VPN policy to
determinate connections after X number
of minutes maybe it's five maybe it's 30
whatever it may be of idle activity
defined in the firewall or whatever it
is that's mandating your uh or managing
your VPN
assessment Point number two determine if
network connections associated with
communication sessions are terminated at
the end of the sessions uh again we
might give an example of uh you know VPN
policy to terminate connections after 30
minutes of idle activity defined in the
firewall it operations policy states
connection should be terminated when
work is complete so a couple different
areas we may look there
final assessment Point determine if
network connections Associated
communication sessions are terminated
after the defined period of an activity
this is implemented via VPN policy to
terminate connections after 30 minutes
of idle activity and that may be defined
a firewall maybe it's defined somewhere
in group policy whatever it may be
depends on how your VPN is set up
now at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day

Chris Blatt we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon slam more Defense
work with higher profit margins that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you and that's what being
amazing kind of looks like
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the Bible below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: QoZ5BfuNTxw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoZ5BfuNTxw
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SI.L1-3.14-4 - Update malicious code protection mechanisms when new releases are
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freder with on
call compliance Solutions and I'm back
with another compliance tip of the week
this week we're talking about cmmc
control si. L1
d314 4 oh we're getting there update
malicious code protection mechanisms
when new releases are available I love
the easy

ones so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's feeling overwhelmed
tired and alone trying to understand all
this cmmc DS and n00 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you because you found your home here at
on call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it love it love it love it
love it should be automatic I love this
control but is it no your team should be
verifying and documenting on a periodic
basis that patches and updates are in
fact being installed and updates are
successful on a periodic basis you just
can't trust automation I promise ask
anyone who's ever lost data in a backup
okay it was set up it was automated
didn't really quite work long term all
right you got to verify it this stuff
does require a human touch uh let's see
what the assessors are looking for on
this one it's pretty straightforward
just one thing they're looking for it's
determine if malicious code protection
mechanisms are updated when new releases
are available and what they're going to
want to do they're going to want to
actually see your system and you're
going to have to show them that updates
have in fact been applied on time and
there's something that's automating that
so uh if we were to give a sample answer
we'd say hey it's implemented it's
enforced and monitored via the endpoint
management update uh automatic updates
and verified by you know it humans uh
every so often right so an answer like
that would work just fine now uh if
you're not sure what endpoint management
system to use if you are trying to
figure out exactly what will satisfy
these controls from a tech stack
perspective or even if you're a CEO or a
CIO who's just really trying to figure
out how to get this whole thing solved
quickly the great news is at on call we
work with defense contractors just like
you whove had this defar nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped right in
their laps like a seagull on a sunny day
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming on call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance.com or
check out the bio below for links to get
help right now if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better You Guessed It
smash that subscribe button to get the
latest compliance content as soon as our
compliance ear roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next

one

######
Video ID: zl74VTsct4E
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl74VTsct4E
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SI.L1-3.14.5 - Perform periodic scans of organizational systems and real-time scans
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on call compliance Solutions I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about CMC
control
si.l1-3.14.5 perform periodic scans of
organizational systems and real-time
scans of files from external sources as
files are downloaded opened or executed

so hey if you're a defense contractor is
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all the cmmc dfars
and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff on
top of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news you found your home
here at on-call compliance Solutions
where we can help you transform into
your company's on-call compliance Hero
Let's jump into it so on this control we
are specifically directed on exactly how
our antivirus and endpoint management
programs should be set up specifically
it should be set up to one run routine
scans at specified intervals two set up
to scan on insertion download and
execution remember not all antivirus
products can do this and many more are
not configured to do this out of the box
so you really need to dive into the
specifics of how this is configured and
make sure it's working in alignment with
this control let's take a minute and
look at the exact assessment points to
get more clarity three assessment points
on this one determine if the frequency
for malicious code scans is defined
now
if we were to give a sample answer we
would say hey it's implemented malicious
code scan frequency is defined within
XYZ you know maybe it's a policy or
maybe it's a technical system like the
endpoint management system itself lots
of different answers you can have there
but ultimately we want to say that there
is a scan frequency and it's defined
here
second assessment Point determine if
malicious code scans are performed with
the defined frequency again they really
want to know what your frequency is they
really want you to find that so we'd say
hey evidence of malicious code scans can
be found in whatever the console is or
the endpoint management uh you know sort
of pane of glasses if you will and again
you want to provide evidence so you
might want to say hey antibioter scans
run routinely every seven days or on
demand as things are downloaded executed
or inserted in the system
final assessment Point determine if
real-time malicious code scans of files
from external sources as files are
downloaded open or executed this is
implemented via endpoint management
solution monitored and audited by seam
solution yes lots of different things
coming into play here but again your
seam solution is a great way that you
can monitor and audit those things so uh
if you're struggling to figure all this
stuff out or you're just trying to put
the other pieces your system and you
need an easier way to deal with it the
great news is that an on-call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this defars nist itar and
CMC compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a single on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance here
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance Dot Com or
check out the bio below for links to get
help right now if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

foreign

######
Video ID: r5stDm38hJs
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5stDm38hJs
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SI.L2-3.14.3 - Monitor system security alerts and advisories and take action in
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control SI dot
l2-3.14.3 monitor system security alerts
and advisories and take action in
response

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp80171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance hero
let's jump into it in this control we
get the express directive the Mandate
that we must do what we already know
we're supposed to be doing which in my
opinion yes this control is absolutely
needed I mean I think again everybody
needs a reminder especially when it's
something really important so what this
is all about
having reviewed hundreds of
organizations and worked with thousands
of I.T people over the years there's a
fairly Universal pattern that exists I
almost don't want to say it on camera
but it really is that common the IT
people are given a security directive
they research and buy the solution and
just as they get it set up and installed
are pulled on to the next pants on fire
emergency and never really customize or
fully set up that security solution with
the vendor support the way it's supposed
to be and then a lot of times it's not
even really reporting into their their
ticketing systems or their email at all
as a result the solution is never really
being monitored it's actually being set
up to go to the right excuse me it's not
actually being set up uh to its optimal
protection State and worse many times
alerts are never actually being set up
to go to the right place yuck but it
happens all the time and if you are one
of those overwhelmed I.T directors out
there in this situation we feel your
pain like I'm sending you my love but
the pain is going to be a lot bigger if
you don't go back and take whatever time
is needed to get all this properly set
up so look
I know there's no one looking over your
shoulder that's like you and me's little
secret so take a minute
all right I don't know tell them you
need an in-service day or something take
a day off but go get your Security
Solutions set up correctly so that
you're really monitoring what's going on
and you're actually getting relevant
alerts because if you don't do that I
promise something silly is going to you
know basically go right between the
cracks and it's going to be a bad bad
day in the office okay you won't be
worrying about time off at that point
you'll just be worrying about where your
next job is going to be I don't want
that to happen to you I just want you
and your company to stay safe so look
let's dive into specifics of how this
should be done all right and take my
warning because believe me it's it's
with such frequency it's terrible
all right three assessment points on
this one determine if response actions
to system uh security alerts and
advisories are identified uh so again if
we were to give a sample answer we would
say it's identified via the IT service
ticket system and incident response plan
so we got a written policy it tells us
how it should be handled and a technical
system that does the work uh and of
course it's reviewed based on risk
management sop another policy that's
going to basically say hey to manage
risk properly we got to do this
now next assessment Point determine if
system security alerts and advisories
are monitored uh implemented via daily
iot operations management by the CIO
again just an example here can be the
CEO it could be all kinds of different
people in this case we'll see the CIO
which includes daily ongoing monitoring
of information security operations
including security alert and advisory
monitoring and response
third assessment Point determine if
actions in response to system security
alerts and advisories are taken so in
other words do you actually take an
action when you get the alert
it sounds like really big Common Sense
until you find out that there's broken
pieces of the chain
so if we were to give a sample answer on
this one it would be implemented the IIT
service ticket system and incident
response plan reviewed based on risk
management standard operating procedures
okay all of those are essential elements
to get you passed so hey an on-call we
work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this D fars nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped into
their laps like Oswego on a sunny day
baby and we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking to get help getting getting more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc complianceecrets.com where we give
away all the secrets to getting
compliant and getting ready for cmmc
certification or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content I'm putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better
oh smash that subscribe button baby do
it right now right now you've been
delaying it for like the last four
videos hit the Subscribe button because
we make lots of awesome jokes and we
have a lot of fun here and I guarantee
you're never gonna have as much fun
dealing with compliance as you are with
us until the next Appliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one

######
Video ID: getQ3Xio9Gw
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=getQ3Xio9Gw
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SI.L2-3.14.6 - Monitor organizational systems, including inbound and outbound comm
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with the on-call compliance Solutions
and I'm back with another compliance tip
of the week this week we're talking
about steam MC control

si.l2-3.14.6 monitor organizational
systems including inbound and outbound
Communications traffic to detect attacks
and indicators of potential attacks

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff on
top of an already colossal workload I've
got great news for you if you found your
home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so in
this control they are really dictating
exactly what needs to be in place with
our firewall and our seam solution the
firewall needs to be there monitoring
traffic both incoming and outgoing but
then we need something that will report
on that which could be either the
firewall or the seam solution the best
solution to solve uh for all of this is
uh and this control is really what you
have your seam solution or your security
information and event management
solution hooked up to your firewall so
those alerts are coming into your system
the same way all the other alerts do for
a single pane of glass approach that is
the ideal way this should really be
solved for ready to see what the
assessors want on this one let's go
all right three things you're looking
for determine if the system is monitored
to detect attacks and indicators of
potential attacks again this is a
demonstrate kind of control so we're
going to basically answer the question
in a written form and say hey look uh
it's implemented via the same solution
and our firewall but we're going to have
to go demonstrate that with an assessor
they're going to have to show them the
settings and show them how those alerts
are coming through next one determine if
uh inbound Communications traffic is
monitored to detect attacks and
indicators of potential attacks uh yes
this is again going to be implemented
via our same solution in firewall again
we're going to demonstrate how uh you
know that traffic is monitored and
detected we're going to show them the
active packet filtering we're going to
show them the antivirus in the firewall
and we're going to show them those seam
alerts coming out of the firewall when
things happen
assessment Point determine if outbound
Communications traffic is monitored to
detect attacks and indicators of
potential attacks again this is
implemented via the same solution and
the firewall same thing we're going to
basically make sure that it's not just
inbound that's protected guys it's got
to be outbound as well very very
important
now if you have no idea what a seam
solution is or you're trying to figure
out how to get this all hooked up and
working with your firewall and you're
just on The Struggle Bus my feelings are
with you okay and the good news is I
went out and did something about it okay
because at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon so I have more Defense
work with higher profit margins now
that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you first off thank
you thank you for hanging with us for
over I don't know 300 plus videos help
us out with the big thumbs up on that
like button you you know we want you to
hit that subscribe button okay it makes
our day we're super stoked about all the
subscriber growth we're going to keep
kicking button delivering this awesome
content you do your job and hit that
subscribe button and it's the best way
you can get all of the latest compliance
information and content as soon as our
compliance learns roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one

foreign

anyway

######
Video ID: jc4e1LzKEDo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jc4e1LzKEDo
Title: CMMC 2.0 Control SI.L2-3.14.7 - Identify unauthorized use of organizational systems
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week you guessed it baby we're on
the last control
unless you start backwards cmmc control
SI dot
l2-3.14.7 that's how I went to Harry
Potter I don't know about you guys when
we read Harry Potter we decided to read
it backwards from the last book to the
first book and it made no sense at all
so you probably actually this is
probably your last control I hope but
stay tuned because we've got a lot more
information there's a lot more than just
the controls you have to comply with so
uh again most importantly let's go
figure out how to solve three fourteen
seven identify unauthorized use of
organizational systems

thank you
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 800171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here in on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it baby both feet all the way let's get
it done all right the final control the
last two raw the end of the road the
race to the Finish it's all within sight
I personally love that the last control
is a call out to summarize all the
previous controls the best they could do
it all right in this control we must
demonstrate that we have the ability to
recognize threats to cui and to our
systems they want to know that after
everything else the end result is that
you can recognize uh before something
bad happens that you have a problem and
I think it's a brilliantly ordered uh
thing you know to make this the last
control let's Dive In the assessment
points to discover how they want this
answered answer formatted and answered
for
two things you're looking for okay
determine if authorized use of the
system is defined
implemented via the it use and cyber
security policy firewall policies
endpoint management policies there's a
lot that goes into this but ultimately
if we're following all of our policies
and if our systems are firing off the
way that they should be firing uh we
should be able to have a clear
definition of when uh system uses
authorized versus unauthorized so again
there's a lot of different places that
will look there but that's a good answer
second assessment Point determine if
unauthorized use of the system is
identified so first is to turn if it's
authorized second if it's unauthorized
again here we're going to say Implement
via the it use and cyber security policy
firewall policies and endpoint
management policies along with our seam
solution triggering our ticketing system
when unauthorized use may be detected
okay that's key in that answer because
again all of those alerts combine and
compile and they should raise the red
flags that you need to go investigate
something that it might be on authorized
eyes and that's the way to answer that
control
so hey an on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and CMC compliance
stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day and we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliances your secret weapon
to land more Defense work with higher
profit margins now that's what becoming
on-call compliance hero can do for you
and the great news is if you've been
banging your head against the wall for
six months 18 months two years guys
that's normally how long it takes I want
to help you in two to three days okay
most small to mid-sized companies under
a thousand employees we're knocking this
out in two to three days larger
companies yeah it's gonna take a little
bit longer we're still the fastest most
efficient highest quality solution there
is to getting compliance solved for you
and even if you want managing it on an
ongoing basis again this is what we eat
sleep live and breathe if you're looking
for more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmfc complianceecrets.com
check out the bio below for links to get
help right now if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance starts roll it out again
while this may be the last control
because we're constantly putting out
videos we're constantly answering
questions uh we're putting out tons and
tons of new content every day and it's
not going to stop now it's only going to
get better all right Better Together
hey until the next compliance hit my
friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one

######
Video ID: 7nWimVeBuDE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nWimVeBuDE
Title: CMMC 2.0 Controls AC.L2-3.1.3： Control the Flow of CUI
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

cmmccontrolac.l2-3.1.3 control the flow
of cui in accordance with approved
authorizations

say hey if you're a defense contract
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp80171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news you found your
home here at on-call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on-call
compliance Hero Let's get into it so
this is a very important control when it
comes to cmmc level 2. this control is
all about having some sort of a policy
in place which dictates who what systems
and how cui can flow or be stored
processed or transmitted that's what the
law says so why is it so important
because without an actual policy like a
written policy this is not like active
or like a group policy or anything like
that it's an actual written policy okay
or guiding document in place it is too
easy for even small organizations to
accidentally allow access to cui by
unauthorized users again how do your
people really know where it's okay to
you know ncui or how to send cui the
easiest way and again the way that
compliance mandates you do it you
basically have to have something that I
call the cui flow control policy okay
it's a written policy that tells your
organization hey this is where it's
allowed to go creating a nasty security
problem okay if you don't have one right
so that's the whole point is if you
don't have one of these flow control
policies you got a really nasty security
problem because no one really knows it's
not in writing you can't refer back to
it how they're supposed to transmit data
process data store data that kind of
thing now the idea with CMC control
ac.l2-3.1.3 dot dot dot

now I gotta tell you it always helps if
when I prepare the slides they're
actually there but in this case they're
blank so if you see me looking down it's
because I'm not looking at the
teleprompter all right so hey uh back on
this control control three right
ac.l2-3.1.3 here are the assessment
points okay number one they're going to
look at determine if information flow
control policies are actually defined
okay so right here in this moment
they're basically saying hey look I want
to see a definition of how cui is
supposed to be flowing that should
trigger to you written policy all right
if we were giving a sample answer I
would say the organization has a cui
flow control policy in place authorized
users are trained on this policy right
that's important only authorized users
are given access to cui with written
requirements right the policy to follow
the cui flow control policy that's how
you're going to determine if if it's
controlled and in a policy all right now
uh assessment Point number two
determinive methods and enforcement
mechanisms are controlling the flow of
cui as defined or are defined methods
and enforcement are defined via active
directory right maybe we've got some
group policy in there but most
importantly the cui flow control policy
and then maybe we throw in a little risk
management sop because of course you're
going to be doing some risk management
on how your cui is Flowing to make sure
that you're essentially you know you've
considered what the risks are of how the
cui is Flowing all that stuff's really
important now Point number three
determine if designated networks excuse
me determinive designated sources and
destinations I.E networks individuals
and devices for cui within systems and
between interconnected systems are
identified again if I was going to give
you a sample answer that I'd say hey
look networks individuals and devices
handling cui are all identified okay
they're identified via Network
documentation right you got all that
documentation Network Maps Etc uh cui
flow control and then maybe we're also
calling out active directory because
that's what's going to identify who the
people are and you know tie them to what
they're doing
um
determining if authorizations for
controlling the by the way another
example that might be in there is your
physical premise access system right
like your door fob system that way for
physical cui which is also something to
be considered uh maybe not in that last
example but physical cui has to be
accounted for too so how are the people
flowing in and out of the building do
you have accountability they're in the
building do you know who touched the cui
do we have video cameras up on the wall
all those things could be potential
answers uh Point number four final point
is it four five five yeah there's five
points you're looking for on this one
determine if approved authorizations for
controlling the flow of cui are actually
enforced now we got to actually prove
that we're following the policy and that
this stuff is actually enforced so again
we would probably demonstrate during a
cmfc uh certification review or
assessment we'd probably be showing them
active directory some group policy stuff
uh system access and file system
permissions right who's actually got
access maybe we demonstrate that XYZ
user can't get into a folder that has
cui their permissions denied uh and uh
our uh systems are all in place and to
enforce approved authorizations and cui
access so again those are some really
really great examples of exactly how we
would do this now you're going to see
this really cool cut in the video in one
second because the internet's magic so
hey and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a poorly written script by myself
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
shooting some of the most ghetto video
on the internet
and all that other good stuff so if
you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmfcc
complianceecrets.com or check out the
Bible below for links to get help right
now and if you love the content we're
putting out here for you because I
really like clearly I'm trying so hard
all right help us out with a big thumbs
up on that like button or write
something really funny in the comments
because doing these videos is well it's
for you guys and we love you and defense
contractors are who we eat sleep leave
and breath live
and breathe for yeah anyway well we're
all about it hey you know what until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below if you'd like me to make
even worse gaps on the next video I'll
see you on the next one
foreign

######
Video ID: JtfacUlpw5A
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtfacUlpw5A
Title: CMMC 2.0 Controls AC.L2-3.1.4 ｜ Separate the duties of individuals to reduce risk of malevolence
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frerer here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control ac.
l231 do4 separate the duties of
individuals to reduce the risk of
malevolent activity without

collusion so hey if you're a defense
contractor who's been feeling over
overwhelmed tired and alone trying to
understand all of this defs cmmc and
nist sp800 171 compliance stuff on top
of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news for you you found
your home here at on call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on call
compliance Hero Let's jump into it so
checks and balances my friends uh yes
this control is all about checks and
balances or more specifically taking the
time to Define
what those checks and balances may need
to be in order to stay secure and
protected the goal with cmmc control ac.
l231 do4 separate the duties of
individuals to reduce the risk of
malevolent activity without collusion is
to force the organization to look at
what job duties exist which could
require separation in order to guarantee
information security once separation
requirements are defined the next step
is to make sure that no person's job
duties require tasks that are defined as
requiring separation so where would we
do this we'd probably do this in the job
description this control is highly
similar in nature in to accounting
controls you don't want the same person
who checks the mailbox for checks
deposits the checks and then writes the
checks to pay the bills to be the same
person ideally uh where possible because
of the ease of theft similarly cmmc
requires you to examine this reality
within your own operation so if if I was
an assessor what I would be looking for
is the following first assessment Point
determine if the duties of individuals
requiring separation are defined so
again have we defined the duties where
would we do that probably in the job
description if I was giving a sample
answer I would say something like job
descriptions are in place for all
authorized users able to access cui
those job descriptions have been written
and defined in a manner consistent with
best practices and separation of Duties
which may create a risk of malev
activity so again if if there's a job
Duty or two job duties that may be in
the same department and there's an
overlap again we've separated those
duties now next uh assessment Point
determine if responsibilities for duties
that require separation are assigned to
separate individuals right have we
actually assigned them to separate
individuals obviously microzed companies
are going to have a challenge with this
but again an assessor is going to
understand that but in most companies uh
we would give a sample answer similar to
the following each authorized user is
only granted access access to that
information which is required to
complete their currently assigned job
duties and upon completion or change in
duties uh access is modified or revoked
in accordance with it ticket requests
from the information owner really big
there now finally determine if access
privileges that enable individuals to
exercise the duties that require
separation are granted to separate
individuals uh and again a sample answer
for that one would be access privileges
are granted to each authorized user
individually at the direction of the
information system owner via it ticket
the information owner determines who is
assigned duties based on currently
assigned job duties required and that's
how we would kind of answer that so hey
if you're confused like most of the rest
of us right the good news is here at on
call we work with defense contractors
just like you who have had this DARS
nist itar and cmmc compliance stuff
dropped in their laps like a seagull on
a sunny day we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on call compliance hero
for your company eliminating gaps great
areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on call
compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you
love the content that we're putting out
here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash the Subscribe button right
now to get the latest compliance content
as soon as our compliance nerds roll it
out it really helps us out lets us know
that we're doing the right things over
here now until the next compliance tip
my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next

one

######
Video ID: mNYFURqIeUo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNYFURqIeUo
Title: CMMC 2.0 Controls AC.L2-3.1.5 ｜ Employ the Principle of Least Privilege
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
steam MC control

ac.l2-3.1.5 employ the principle of
least privilege including for specific
security functions and privileged
accounts

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero alright let's
jump into it in an ideal and secure
world you should only be able to do what
you're allowed to do and nothing else
or you go to jail no the goal of cmmc
control ac.l2-3.1.4

employee principle of least privilege
including for specific security
functions and privileged accounts is to
absolutely limit
authorize users to only be being able to
do the things which are required to
complete their required job duties any
further access or capability is simply
no bueno not allowed not necessary and
because of that being able to do what is
not necessary brings about a higher
level of security access and risk to
information than necessary in essence
this is the first control we really
begin to see the necessity of real true
risk management coming into play with
cmmc now if I was an assessor there's
three points that I would be assessing
on okay the first one is I would
determine if privileged accounts are
identified in other words is there some
way to figure out that this account has
more privileges or is privileged versus
a standard user account if I was to give
a sample answer I would say something
like privileged accounts or identify
within active directory and privileged
identity management if you're using like
an Azure uh privileged identity
management service there's a lot of
answers uh you know to how you could
answer that but that's maybe one of the
simpler ones now determinive access to
privileged accounts is authorized in
accordance with principal of Lee's
privilege uh again the idea there being
hey do you get just the least amount of
privilege that you need to do your job
uh and if I was to give a sample answer
there I would say privileged accounts
are only granted based upon requirement
of assigned job duties access to
privileged accounts is only authorized
through the it ticketing system by the
organization's I don't know chief
operations officer or uh you know
whoever the information system owner is
there's got to be some Authority on who
gets access and there needs to be some
sort of chain of command there
assessment point would be determining if
security functions are actually defined
so if I was going to Define security
functions I would say hey security
functions are identified uh via the
entitlement lifecycle management process
and access reviews now if you're not
familiar with entitlement lifecycle
management you can Google it it's a
Microsoft thing now that was the answer
you know that we kind of came up with
for this little sample equation here but
there's lots and lots of ways to do this
right so determining if security
functions are identified again it could
be a written policy it could be you know
looking perhaps maybe at the way that
active directory is structured do you
have different security groups you know
with definitions on the security groups
and active directory and then the access
reviews part is hey is somebody
periodically reviewing what's going on
with say active directory in that
example and actually seeing that those
people only have the access that they
need that if you can show all that that
is when you'll pass this control and
make sure that you're uh that you've met
your requirements now if you're
scratching your head if uh if you're
scratching other body parts I can't help
you there but uh and on call what I can
tell you is we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropping their laugh like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and it probably won't really
actually solve you from being itchy but
if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
like really please help us out help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button just go ahead and hit it right
now for even better smash the Subscribe
button baby all right we got hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds of subscribers
and we're trying to get hundreds and
hundreds and thousands more hey you know
what we put this stuff out here for free
and if it helped you we'd love a little
subscribe love it really helps us out uh
again to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance Center
is rolling out uh until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and only as secure as
you're allowed to be uh and hit us in
the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and
compliance and you know what I'll see
you on the next one

######
Video ID: qkG_PftIx-E
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkG_PftIx-E
Title: CMMC 2.0 Controls AC.L2-3.1.6 ｜ Use Non Privileged Accounts
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back I bet you never thought I'd be
back right and I'm here with a
compliance tip of the week because
that's all I really bring you even when
we shoot these daily or hourly or
monthly anyway either way it's
compliance tip of the week guess what
we're talking about this week I bet you
wouldn't guess from the description this
video it's cmmc control ac.l2-3.1.6

I know it's pretty easy to guess it was
it's right there in that description
there anyway use non-privileged accounts
or roles when accessing non-security
functions

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone
I'm sorry for you trying to understand
all this tmmc dfars and this SP 10171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you've found your home here
at on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it here's a riddle if a bad
guy has a key to your house and you're
not around how would you know he was in
there lurking around

well the goal with cmmc control
ac.l2-3.1.6 use non-privileged accounts
or roles when accessing non-security
functions is to make sure that in the
event that a system is compromised all
right it would be easier to identify a
bad actor if security privileged
accounts are only used for specific
tasks revealing the potential Intruder
when those rarely used accounts are all
of a sudden used in an unusual or
unauthorized way now this is actually
really smart I got to tell you I've been
doing cyber security for 20 plus years
and this is one of those controls when I
really understood what was behind it I
thought to myself that's pretty crazy
later this will make more sense right as
we get deeper in the controls we start
talking about security information event
management systems they'll they will
actually detect anomalous activities so
in other words activity that is unusual
it's way easier to detect unusual
activity if there's a specific account
you should be watching for like those
that are privileged accounts
so as an example if an I.T person does
their day-to-day work in a standard user
account and only uses a security
privilege to have an account for admin
tasks it'll be much easier to spot
malicious actions in system logs and
alert from administrative users who are
not normally conducting those activities
it's a great way to expose information
to less risk and spot problems much
faster in addition the control also
demands you identify security privileged
accounts and events presumably so they
can be more easily identifiable when not
authorized now there are two points that
I would look for if I was assessing this
okay Point number one I would say hey
determine if non-security functions are
identified
well are they non-security functions are
identified via Group Policy there's your
hint and individual system access
restrictions right because again we can
determine if non-security functions are
identified if you're not allowed to do
them right like if you are not an
administrator in QuickBooks and you're
only a standard user and you can only
access certain records well then that's
defined as those records you can't find
right maybe not the best example but you
kind of get the point
now the second point of assessment is
determine if users are required to use
non-privileged accounts or roles when
accessing non-security functions hey
it's probably a test they're probably
going to want a demonstration hey if
you're a standard user can you go
install software no you get an access
denied hopefully uh if we were to write
down an answer maybe we would write down
something like all privileged account
holders also have non-published accounts
for non-privileged functions and
activities which they are required to
use when not performing privileged
functions determination and audit of
this use is performed via the same
system if you don't know what a seam
system is I got about 100 videos that
you haven't watched yet all right but
it's called a security information event
management system and essentially it's
the system that watches over your house
when you're not at home okay now if
you're still scratching your head and
you're like I don't get it this is
intense no way am I gonna be able to
come up with another 109 controls with
the answers or you have no idea how to
write the policies you need help with
the policies guess what the good news is
at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a single on a Sunday we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company and let
me in gaps gray areas and getting this
solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work and who
doesn't want more Defense work who
doesn't want to get paid baby with
higher profit margins now that's
becoming an all-in-call compliance here
and that's what I can do for you all
right if you're looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit cmfc
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now
if you love the content we're putting
out here for you or just my bad jokes
help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash that
subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

######
Video ID: O_xs7908_1k
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_xs7908_1k
Title: CMMC 2.0 Controls AC.L2-3.1.7 ｜ Limit Non-privileged Users, Audit Privileged Function Execution
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrolac.l
2-3.1.7 prevent non-privileged users
from executing privileged functions and
audit the execution of such functions

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you've
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero let's kick it so
here we get deeper into our controls on
making sure that our system is being
used in the way that we intend it to be
used the goal of cmmccontrol
ac.l2-3.1.7 prevents non-privileged
users from executing privileged
functions and audit the execution of
such functions is to Define what
functions are privileged versus
non-privileged making sure
non-privileged users cannot execute
those functions and then audit or make
sure that when those functions are
executed record of that is being kept so
it can be reviewed and the validity of
and authenticity can be verified to make
sure it's really one of your authorized
users and not some bad guy
uh now if I was an Assessor
and I was looking at how could I figure
out if you're actually complying with
this there's basically four major points
that I would be asking all right Point
number one is determinive privilege
functions are defined so somewhere did
we Define what is privilege privilege
functions are Def and if I was to give a
sample answer I would say privilege
functions are defined within each
individual system authorized users have
access to examples uh which may include
file system permissions right do you
have permission to access those
privileged folders like what contains
cui uh security groups OU's user
permission levels within different
systems all that kind of stuff right so
again lots and lots of different things
that we can actually uh use to determine
if privileged functions are defined
now assessment Point number two
determine if non-privileged users are
defined so are we defining who our
non-privileged users are non-profit
users could be defined so again sample
answer would be non-privile users are
defined via their membership role in
maybe an OU or a class of user like
administrators versus standard users and
user account type okay uh assessment
Point number three determine if
non-probled users are prevented from
executing privileged functions so how
are we actually preventing them from
being able to execute things they
shouldn't like installing new programs
non-probial users are prevented from
executing privileged functions via Group
Policy file system permissions and user
access capabilities within each system
right so again remember it's not just
the base operating system you got to
worry about in your domain you also got
to worry about things like your
accounting system and maybe your secure
engineering system whatever it may be
those are all places that you have to
take some consideration to
determine if the execution of privileged
functions is captured in Auto logs again
the final assessment Point uh and in
this one actually the answer is really
easy execution winds up being captured
in your seam solution so again the idea
is is that you have a security
information and event management system
it's capturing basically log files of
everything and you can determine if the
execution of privileged functions is
actually captured in there so pretty
cool have a seam system if you have no
idea what a steam system is here's the
good news and on call we work with
defense contractors just like you who
have had this dfars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into the lap
like a single on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call
for you visit
cmfccompliancecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now and if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance starts
rolling out and until the next time uh
my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one foreign

######
Video ID: ZlSijEmxQm0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlSijEmxQm0
Title: CMMC 2.0 SI.L1-3.14.1 - Identify, report, and correct system flaws in a timely manner
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike freder here with
on call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmmc
control si. L1 d3.1 14.1 hooray we made
it to the final control family number 14
identify report and correct system flaws
in a timely manner let's get into

it so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelm tired and alone
and sad trying to understand all the
cmmc def fars and nist s17 compliance
stuff you've got a big dent in your head
from banging against the wall until it
bleeds the good news is you're going to
be okay I I mean I think you're going to
be okay the brain damage I probably
can't solve but you have found the best
place you could be which is a new home
with us here at on call compliance
Solutions where we can help you
transform into your company's on call
compliance Hero Let's get a suction cup
and peal that dent out of our head and
jump into it that was going to go
somewhere really good but then it didn't
and then and then I'm left with this
well frankly this big dent in this video
but whatever let's let's let's Carry On
Carry On Carry On Let's jump into it all
right there is another control that is
uh going to specifically dictate how
your organization must respond when it
comes to managing risk and handling
security incidents in this case it's all
about timing it's not good enough to
just have some loose policy templates
that you haven't opened in like 4 years
you really need to have these policies
dialed in with time frames and
expectations so that before bad things
happen everybody knows what the
expectations are and how to react to
explain more let's go step by step
through the assessment criteria and see
Point by Point what needs to be in your
incident response plan and procedures so
what are they looking for they're
looking for one thing determine if the
time within which to identify system
flaws is specified how do we do that
well via the it operations policy whoa
Mike what's an IT operations policy well
it's something you've got to have to be
able to get through this all right uh in
our example we're going to say hey look
there's an SLA or a service level
agreement of 60 minutes or less to begin
remediation efforts on system flaws when
immediate reaction uh to any system flaw
which may affect cui okay again that's
how it should be done and if you're
scratch your head about how on Earth
you're going to get a real it operations
policy here's the great news all right
if you're struggling on all these
policies documentation Etc we can help
with that all right and to find out how
we can help the calls always free talk
about that in a minute but meanwhile
let's dive into the control uh the
assessment uh points and let's find out
what we got to do to solve this okay
first one is determin of system flaws
are identified within the specified time
frame uh answer implemented via notes
during information intake for it create
it ticket creation yes okay we're going
to sort of make a couple assumptions
here you got an IT ticketing system
maybe you do it a different different
way but this is how we're going to give
you a sample answer uh and probably the
most common way so again how are they
identified and within what specific time
frame your ticketing system is going to
help with that next assessment Point
determine if the time within which to
report system flaws is specified
Implement via the instant response plan
okay so the instant response plan is
essentially dictating how you're going
to get this done the next assessment
point is determine if system flaws are
reported within the specified time frame
again implemented via the IT service
ticket system ticket review audit
process and risk management standard
operating procedure again there's like
three different policies already in the
first three assessment points if you
guys don't have your documentation in
order that's when you know you really
need to bring us in for some help okay
great indicator that uh honestly the
time it takes to write these policies
we've probably got thousands of hours
into our pre-written policies that we
bring in and then we're still
customizing them to you fourth
assessment Point determine if the time
within which to correct system flaws is
specified uh implemented via our it
operations policy SLA of 60 minutes or
less to begin remediation efforts on
system flaws with an immediate reaction
to any system flaw which may affect CI
system flaw time to correlate to
correction SLA is within 24 hours or as
soon as possible again notice I'm giving
very specific amounts as we go through
and you should too so again your system
security plan excuse me you all of your
documentation needs to have very
specific times for how long it will take
to do each step of the process next step
of the process determine if system flaws
are corrected within the specified time
again uh this can be via the IT service
ticketing system ticket review audit
process and risk management sop all of
those are places you can specify times
so hey if you are like me and you're
scratching your head from time to time
trying to figure out what in the world
is going on right uh or if you're just
looking at how to do this and thinking
man this is really overwhelming the
great news is is that on call we work
with defense contractors just like you
who have had this DARS nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day and
we teach you how to level up and be a
proper on call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all showing you how
to leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on call compliance hero can
do for you looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit CMC
compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better yeah baby smash that
subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance nerds roll it out or you can
just smash that subscribe Button as a
simple way to say thank you because we
really appreciate you guys watching our
videos we love putting this content out
here for free we don't charge a single
penny we do it have our own time all
right but subscribers make us happy and
they tell us we're doing a good job so
if you think we're doing a good job Mash
that subscribe button let us know that
you're out here and you're hearing what
we're saying we know there's a lot of
people every month that get to see us
we're stoked about it we love when we
get new subscribers hey until the next
compliance HP my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next

one

######
Video ID: 7ndIOtgOgaI
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ndIOtgOgaI
Title: 🛡️💻 CMMC 2.0 Controls： AC.L1-3.1.1： Limit System Access
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control AC dot
l1-3.1.1 limits system access to
authorized users processes acting on
behalf of authorized users and devices
including other systems

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all of this
dfar's nist SP 10171 and cmmc compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so here we here we go it's the very
first control you're looking at in cmmc
all right uh level level one level two
and let me tell you they don't want to
make life easy on you here with the
first control it's a doozy but today I'm
going to walk you through uh what this
is all about and what are the key
assessment points an assessor will use
to determine if you have met or not met
the requirements for this control and
then stay tuned because I'm going to
give you actual sample answers for each
assessment requirement Point by
assessment Point here we go okay so the
controlling question today is cmmc
control a
ac.l1-3.1.1 against first control really
you'll tackle says limit system access
to authorized users process is acting on
behalf of authorized users and devices
including other systems so if we're
actually looking at what the assessment
points are okay then what we find out is
the first thing you're looking for you
know that an assessor would look for is
they're going to say hey did they
determine if authorized users are
actually identified uh and you know if
we were to sort of think about that
maybe give a sample answer we'd say hey
authorized users are identified via
maybe active directory or a user login
system which is unique to the user right
everybody gets their own user ID or
unique identifier right you'll hear a
unique identifier later in these
compliance standards
uh and again that's kind of how we would
we would give a sample to that answer uh
assessment Point number two determine if
processes acting on behalf of authorized
users are identified
uh maybe we give a sample answer like
this all processes are identified via
system logs by the user executing that
process right because again if you look
in system logs it's always going to have
a username or a system username on who
it is that that executed that process
uh assessment Point number three
determinive devices including other
systems authorized to connect to the
system are identified so hey are the
devices identified uh again if I was
going to give you a sample answer I'd
say hey all devices accessing cui are
identified in I don't know let's say
active directory uh and of course system
log files right your system log is going
to tell you what device executed and
it's therefore you got some device
identification
uh the next assessment point they're
looking for is determine if system
access is limited to authorized users so
uh in this one we give a little
different kind of answer we're going to
say hey you know what per group policy
only authorize users within the
environment are those users uh belonging
to the cui handling organizational use
so only those users who belong to a
special group of users who are cleared
this handle cui are authorized to access
systems containing cui right so again
that's how we determine that it's
limited we limit it to a group of users
uh and again we clearly demonstrate that
through one of our systems or you know
again active directories got lots of
ways to sort of delineate down uh and
again you might have so maybe a regular
user administrative user and a cui
handling user and whatever the system
may be all right assessment Point number
one two three four and five determine if
system access is limited to processes
acting on behalf of authorized users uh
system access so yeah if I was gonna
give a sample answer I'd say system
access is restricted to only those users
and processes executed by those
authorized users which are allowed based
on group policy or maybe it's
system-wide policy or Access Control
list but they have to be limited somehow
you got to name what that policy is uh
and again that would be a good sample
answer and final one on this particular
control
determine if system access is limited to
authorized devices in other words do you
have a way to make sure that only the
devices you're authorizing can actually
access that information in this
particular case I'll just kind of give
you a sample answer and again this may
not be uh you know something that'll
work for you but again it's just a
sample answer we might say hey you know
what the IT department is only is is the
only issuing authority for devices which
are authorized to sign into systems like
maybe a domain right only only the sys
admin can actually sign you into the
domain those devices capable of
accessing cui are tokenized via
multi-factor authentication so again
great examples like Windows hello it
gives you a unique token once you've
successfully signed in under the right
user sort of settings and again it
allows you to have actual multi-factor
authentication in place as well and
again this is unique to only those
authorized devices only those authorized
devices and maybe they're part of a
domain maybe they're not but only those
devices which are tokenized using an MFA
token would actually be allowed to
access that data all right so first
control congratulations it's out of the
way right if you've got specific
questions here's the good news because
at on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and hey if you're looking for
more information on or help getting
compliant all right our compliance
experts are always on call for you you
can visit cmmc complianceecrets.com or
check out the bio below for links to get
to get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out for you help
us out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash that
subscribe button and get the latest
compliance content as soon as our
compliance centers roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

foreign
anyway

######
Video ID: 5YM7Pi7YaN4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YM7Pi7YaN4
Title: 🛡️💻 CMMC 2.0 Controls： AC.L1-3.1.2 - Limit System Access
Transcript:
Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control AC dot
l1-3.1.2 I know it's like a mouthful
right limit system access to the types
of transactions and functions that
authorized users are permitted to
execute

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp80171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I got great news for you if you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so the second control that everyone
has to solve for is a real head
scratcher all right the first time you
read it I mean honestly it sounds almost
like it's worded the exact same way as
the first control which I will not say
with that first control is because it's
like 15 letters all right no I'm just
kidding in fact it's not and what
they're looking for is very different so
let's break it down right uh today uh
today's question on cmscontrol
ac.l1-3.1.2 limit system access to the
types of transactions and functions that
authorized users are permit to execute
let's dive into what the assessors are
looking for let's dive into what some
sample answers might be all right
fortunately this one's only got two
different assessment points that they're
looking for evidence on right number one
determine if the types of transactions
and functions that authorized users are
permitted to execute are defined now if
we were to give a sample answer that we
might say something like hey
transactions and functions that are
authorized or defined and enforced via I
don't know maybe it's group policy and
system Access Control lists or ACLS
specifically you know in this case maybe
it's active directory in addition
certain transaction types and functions
are restricted by the endpoint
management solution and again an example
is anti-virus will not allow malicious
code to execute right so again
antivirus will not allow that type of
transaction or function to execute the
result and that's a limitation on the
system
now assessment Point number two
determinive system access is limited to
the defined types of transactions and
functions for authorized users so we
answer this one a couple ways right we
say system access is limited by ad right
little Active Directory Group Policy
system security policies those are
important too right I don't mean just
like the technical ones I mean like some
written policies too and conditional
access policies right so if we've got
our stuff up in say Azure government or
Office 365 GCC hi we're probably going
to use some conditional access policies
systems can only perform those
transactions and functions that are
allowed by policy otherwise they are
denied right so again that's an
important point is if it's not in the
policy it's excellent so it's denied
permit by exception now if you're still
scratching your head here's the good
news and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their lap
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up in that like button
or even better smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance starts
rolling out until the next compliance
tip my friends uh stay safe and secure
out there and hit us in the comments
below to let you let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

thank you
