Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder with

hey everybody it's Mike frieder with

hey everybody it's Mike frieder with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm

on-call compliance Solutions and I'm

on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the

back with another compliance tip of the

back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about CMC

week this week we're talking about CMC

week this week we're talking about CMC
control

control

control
ia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay resistant

ia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay resistant

ia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay resistant
authentication mechanisms for network

authentication mechanisms for network

authentication mechanisms for network
access to privileged and non-privileged

access to privileged and non-privileged

access to privileged and non-privileged
accounts

accounts

accounts

say hey if you're a defense contractor

say hey if you're a defense contractor

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all the cmmc

alone trying to understand all the cmmc

alone trying to understand all the cmmc
defars and nist SP 800171 compliance

defars and nist SP 800171 compliance

defars and nist SP 800171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for
you you've found your home here at

you you've found your home here at

you you've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay

cmmccontrolia.l2-3.5.4 employ replay
resistant authentication mechanisms for

resistant authentication mechanisms for

resistant authentication mechanisms for
network access to privileged and

network access to privileged and

network access to privileged and
non-privileged accounts what's an

non-privileged accounts what's an

non-privileged accounts what's an
instant replay just kidding what is

instant replay just kidding what is

instant replay just kidding what is
replay resistant it essentially means

replay resistant it essentially means

replay resistant it essentially means
that if someone captured your keystrokes

that if someone captured your keystrokes

that if someone captured your keystrokes
via a key logger they would be able that

via a key logger they would be able that

via a key logger they would be able that
they would not be able to play back your

they would not be able to play back your

they would not be able to play back your
keystrokes and get into your system how

keystrokes and get into your system how

keystrokes and get into your system how
do you do that there are a lot of

do you do that there are a lot of

do you do that there are a lot of
different ways to do this but primarily

different ways to do this but primarily

different ways to do this but primarily
you're looking at the concept of

you're looking at the concept of

you're looking at the concept of
implementing a rolling key or

implementing a rolling key or

implementing a rolling key or
multi-factor authentication type of

multi-factor authentication type of

multi-factor authentication type of
solution here's an example if you enter

solution here's an example if you enter

solution here's an example if you enter
your username and password and that's it

your username and password and that's it

your username and password and that's it
that doesn't change so someone capturing

that doesn't change so someone capturing

that doesn't change so someone capturing
and replaying your keystrokes could get

and replaying your keystrokes could get

and replaying your keystrokes could get
in however if you have a three-part

in however if you have a three-part

in however if you have a three-part
sign-in with a username a password and

sign-in with a username a password and

sign-in with a username a password and
an MFA key or token which rolls over

an MFA key or token which rolls over

an MFA key or token which rolls over
every few seconds replaying that

every few seconds replaying that

every few seconds replaying that
combination will not work to Grant

combination will not work to Grant

combination will not work to Grant
access pretty cool if you ask me but hey

access pretty cool if you ask me but hey

access pretty cool if you ask me but hey
I don't actually count because I don't

I don't actually count because I don't

I don't actually count because I don't
make the rules all right let's look at

make the rules all right let's look at

make the rules all right let's look at
what hey you know what this is cool the

what hey you know what this is cool the

what hey you know what this is cool the
assessor is only looking for like one

assessor is only looking for like one

assessor is only looking for like one
thing determine if replay resistant

thing determine if replay resistant

thing determine if replay resistant
authentication mechanisms are

authentication mechanisms are

authentication mechanisms are
implemented for network account access

implemented for network account access

implemented for network account access
to privilege and non-progos accounts now

to privilege and non-progos accounts now

to privilege and non-progos accounts now
what's the answer this it's simpler than

what's the answer this it's simpler than

what's the answer this it's simpler than
you think MFA is implemented for all

you think MFA is implemented for all

you think MFA is implemented for all
accounts able to access cui right so

accounts able to access cui right so

accounts able to access cui right so
same answer as last control so you don't

same answer as last control so you don't

same answer as last control so you don't
really have to actually do anything

really have to actually do anything

really have to actually do anything
unique but what you do need to know is

unique but what you do need to know is

unique but what you do need to know is
that MFA really is sort of your golden

that MFA really is sort of your golden

that MFA really is sort of your golden
ticket to stopping replay attacks pretty

ticket to stopping replay attacks pretty

ticket to stopping replay attacks pretty
cool if you ask me

cool if you ask me

cool if you ask me
and on call we work with defense

and on call we work with defense

and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had

contractors just like you who've had

contractors just like you who've had
this DeForest nist itar and cmmc

this DeForest nist itar and cmmc

this DeForest nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in your laps

compliance stuff dropped in your laps

compliance stuff dropped in your laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we

like a seagull on a sunny day and we

like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a

teach you how to level up and be a

teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your

proper on-call compliance hero for your

proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and

company eliminating gaps gray areas and

company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing

getting this solved all while showing

getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your

you how to leverage compliance as your

you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work

secret weapon to land more Defense work

secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins now that's

with higher profit margins now that's

with higher profit margins now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero

what becoming an on-call compliance hero

what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you

can do for you

can do for you
if you're looking for more help getting

if you're looking for more help getting

if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are

compliant our compliance experts are

compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit

always on call for you visit

always on call for you visit
cmmcc-complianceecrets.com or check out

cmmcc-complianceecrets.com or check out

cmmcc-complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're

right now if you love the content we're

right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out

putting out here for you help us out

putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button

with a big thumbs up on that like button

with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe

or even better smash the Subscribe

or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance

button to get the latest compliance

button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance starts

content as soon as our compliance starts

content as soon as our compliance starts
roll it out a 10x compliance tip my

roll it out a 10x compliance tip my

roll it out a 10x compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there

friends stay safe and secure out there

friends stay safe and secure out there
and us in the comments below to let us

and us in the comments below to let us

and us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about

know what you'd like to know more about

know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security

when it comes to information security

when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the

and compliance and I'll see you on the

and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one

next one

next one

okay