Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for you here

hey everybody it's Mike for you here

hey everybody it's Mike for you here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
guess what I'm back with another

guess what I'm back with another

guess what I'm back with another
compliance tip of the week this week

compliance tip of the week this week

compliance tip of the week this week
we're talking about cmmccontrol m a DOT

we're talking about cmmccontrol m a DOT

we're talking about cmmccontrol m a DOT

l2-3.7.6 supervise the maintenance

l2-3.7.6 supervise the maintenance

l2-3.7.6 supervise the maintenance
activities of Maintenance Personnel

activities of Maintenance Personnel

activities of Maintenance Personnel
without required access authorization

without required access authorization

without required access authorization

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this

alone trying to understand all of this

alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance

cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance

cmmc dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call

you you found your home here at on-call

you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero uh let's jump

on-call compliance hero uh let's jump

on-call compliance hero uh let's jump
into it so now this one I love say hey

into it so now this one I love say hey

into it so now this one I love say hey
look especially in manufacturing we've

look especially in manufacturing we've

look especially in manufacturing we've
gotten maintenance people okay and they

gotten maintenance people okay and they

gotten maintenance people okay and they
may not even be a formal employee they

may not even be a formal employee they

may not even be a formal employee they
could be outsourced at the end of the

could be outsourced at the end of the

could be outsourced at the end of the
day you're required to escort visitors

day you're required to escort visitors

day you're required to escort visitors
at all times however a maintenance

at all times however a maintenance

at all times however a maintenance
person is therefore not a random visitor

person is therefore not a random visitor

person is therefore not a random visitor
they may have been given facility access

they may have been given facility access

they may have been given facility access
every situation is different and believe

every situation is different and believe

every situation is different and believe
me there's some very interesting

me there's some very interesting

me there's some very interesting
thoughts about contractors maintenance

thoughts about contractors maintenance

thoughts about contractors maintenance
people and how they are different from a

people and how they are different from a

people and how they are different from a
visitor I just realized that's a massive

visitor I just realized that's a massive

visitor I just realized that's a massive
run-on sentence that literally goes for

run-on sentence that literally goes for

run-on sentence that literally goes for
like seven lines which is probably why I

like seven lines which is probably why I

like seven lines which is probably why I
couldn't read it straight

couldn't read it straight

couldn't read it straight
but I don't have time to rewrite it so

but I don't have time to rewrite it so

but I don't have time to rewrite it so
all right there you go

all right there you go

all right there you go
it's the best I can do for an example

it's the best I can do for an example

it's the best I can do for an example
honestly I mean anyway if you've got

honestly I mean anyway if you've got

honestly I mean anyway if you've got
questions on that I would invite you to

questions on that I would invite you to

questions on that I would invite you to
give us a call because let me tell you

give us a call because let me tell you

give us a call because let me tell you
it's not super simple let me tell you

it's not super simple let me tell you

it's not super simple let me tell you
it's not super simple reading this this

it's not super simple reading this this

it's not super simple reading this this
is not super simple to read at all as a

is not super simple to read at all as a

is not super simple to read at all as a
matter of fact actually I'd probably say

matter of fact actually I'd probably say

matter of fact actually I'd probably say
this is above a third grade read level

this is above a third grade read level

this is above a third grade read level
which has maximized my personal

which has maximized my personal

which has maximized my personal
capability to read I was elected to lead

capability to read I was elected to lead

capability to read I was elected to lead
not to read

not to read

not to read
totally stole that if you know where

totally stole that if you know where

totally stole that if you know where
comment below most importantly you've

comment below most importantly you've

comment below most importantly you've
got to supervise these people they

got to supervise these people they

got to supervise these people they
should not in most cases be authorized

should not in most cases be authorized

should not in most cases be authorized
to view or handle cui and when they are

to view or handle cui and when they are

to view or handle cui and when they are
in the building there needs to be a

in the building there needs to be a

in the building there needs to be a
heightened sense of alert and monitoring

heightened sense of alert and monitoring

heightened sense of alert and monitoring
of their activities to dig in more let's

of their activities to dig in more let's

of their activities to dig in more let's
find out what the assessors want to see

find out what the assessors want to see

find out what the assessors want to see
on this one

on this one

on this one
all right determinative maintenance

all right determinative maintenance

all right determinative maintenance
Personnel without required access

Personnel without required access

Personnel without required access
authorization and supervised during

authorization and supervised during

authorization and supervised during
maintenance activities uh

maintenance activities uh

maintenance activities uh
yeah all cuis physically protected from

yeah all cuis physically protected from

yeah all cuis physically protected from
access by maintenance Personnel without

access by maintenance Personnel without

access by maintenance Personnel without
required access authorization hey look

required access authorization hey look

required access authorization hey look
if the maintenance guy doesn't have

if the maintenance guy doesn't have

if the maintenance guy doesn't have
access to cui because it's in a lock

access to cui because it's in a lock

access to cui because it's in a lock
computer or in a key locked filing

computer or in a key locked filing

computer or in a key locked filing
drawer they won't be able to get to it

drawer they won't be able to get to it

drawer they won't be able to get to it
you just have to show and assessor that

you just have to show and assessor that

you just have to show and assessor that
that's really kind of what it boils down

that's really kind of what it boils down

that's really kind of what it boils down
to right examples are it use in cyber

to right examples are it use in cyber

to right examples are it use in cyber
security policy visitor escort policy

security policy visitor escort policy

security policy visitor escort policy
contractor policy all those are

contractor policy all those are

contractor policy all those are
different kinds of policies you can have

different kinds of policies you can have

different kinds of policies you can have
in place to prove what they're looking

in place to prove what they're looking

in place to prove what they're looking
for on the assessment front and

for on the assessment front and

for on the assessment front and
the good news for you

the good news for you

the good news for you
is I will be doing your consultation

is I will be doing your consultation

is I will be doing your consultation
because my jokes are terrible and um and

because my jokes are terrible and um and

because my jokes are terrible and um and
there are better people for that but uh

there are better people for that but uh

there are better people for that but uh
what I do do is hear it on call besides

what I do do is hear it on call besides

what I do do is hear it on call besides
poorly reading teleprompters is we work

poorly reading teleprompters is we work

poorly reading teleprompters is we work
with defense contractors just like you

with defense contractors just like you

with defense contractors just like you
who have had this DeForest nist itar and

who have had this DeForest nist itar and

who have had this DeForest nist itar and
cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their

cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their

cmmc compliance stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day hey

laps like a seagull on a sunny day hey

laps like a seagull on a sunny day hey
look it could be really boring like I

look it could be really boring like I

look it could be really boring like I
could sit in front of like a big boom

could sit in front of like a big boom

could sit in front of like a big boom
stand and I could sit there and

stand and I could sit there and

stand and I could sit there and
just like be really serious about this

just like be really serious about this

just like be really serious about this
and talk about it

and talk about it

and talk about it
like it's life or death

yuck

yuck

yuck
I'd rather just teach you how to level

I'd rather just teach you how to level

I'd rather just teach you how to level
up and be a proper on call compliance

up and be a proper on call compliance

up and be a proper on call compliance
hero for your company all right really

hero for your company all right really

hero for your company all right really
and you know what along the way we'll

and you know what along the way we'll

and you know what along the way we'll
all have a couple laughs where it's me

all have a couple laughs where it's me

all have a couple laughs where it's me
one of my Consultants all right we

one of my Consultants all right we

one of my Consultants all right we
always like to have a good time and make

always like to have a good time and make

always like to have a good time and make
this stuff not so incredibly terrible

this stuff not so incredibly terrible

this stuff not so incredibly terrible
all right eliminating gaps gray areas

all right eliminating gaps gray areas

all right eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while

and getting this solved all while

and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance

showing you how to leverage compliance

showing you how to leverage compliance
is your super secret weapon to land more

is your super secret weapon to land more

is your super secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins

Defense work with higher profit margins

Defense work with higher profit margins
and maybe even a few jokes now that's

and maybe even a few jokes now that's

and maybe even a few jokes now that's
what becoming an on-call compliance hero

what becoming an on-call compliance hero

what becoming an on-call compliance hero
can do for you if you're looking for

can do for you if you're looking for

can do for you if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our

more help getting compliant our

more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call

compliance experts are always on call

compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliancecrets.com

for you visit cmmc compliancecrets.com

for you visit cmmc compliancecrets.com
why is the cmmc compliance Secrets

why is the cmmc compliance Secrets

why is the cmmc compliance Secrets
because the secret is it's not that hard

because the secret is it's not that hard

because the secret is it's not that hard
if you got the right team on your side

if you got the right team on your side

if you got the right team on your side
all right or check out the bio below for

all right or check out the bio below for

all right or check out the bio below for
links to get help right now love the

links to get help right now love the

links to get help right now love the
content we're putting out here for you

content we're putting out here for you

content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the

like button or even better smash the

like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest

Subscribe button to get the latest

Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our
compliances rolled out I'm calling you

compliances rolled out I'm calling you

compliances rolled out I'm calling you
out by the way right now you're not

out by the way right now you're not

out by the way right now you're not
subscribed I see you you're not

subscribed I see you you're not

subscribed I see you you're not
subscribed listen your mouse only has to

subscribed listen your mouse only has to

subscribed listen your mouse only has to
move from here to there and you're

move from here to there and you're

move from here to there and you're
subscribing look at that dude you're

subscribing look at that dude you're

subscribing look at that dude you're
gonna get to see me whenever I put out

gonna get to see me whenever I put out

gonna get to see me whenever I put out
new content and that's so awesome thank

new content and that's so awesome thank

new content and that's so awesome thank
you makes my day doesn't just make my

you makes my day doesn't just make my

you makes my day doesn't just make my
day by the way makes our entire team's

day by the way makes our entire team's

day by the way makes our entire team's
day all right

day all right

day all right
um I think I talked yesterday about the

um I think I talked yesterday about the

um I think I talked yesterday about the
gong anyway I digress until the next

gong anyway I digress until the next

gong anyway I digress until the next
compliance that my friends stay safe and

compliance that my friends stay safe and

compliance that my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments

secure out there hit us in the comments

secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to

below to let us know what you'd like to

below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to

know more about when it comes to

know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

foreign

foreign

foreign