Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
steam MC control

ac.l2-3.1.5 employ the principle of

ac.l2-3.1.5 employ the principle of

ac.l2-3.1.5 employ the principle of
least privilege including for specific

least privilege including for specific

least privilege including for specific
security functions and privileged

security functions and privileged

security functions and privileged
accounts

accounts

accounts

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero alright let's

on-call compliance hero alright let's

on-call compliance hero alright let's
jump into it in an ideal and secure

jump into it in an ideal and secure

jump into it in an ideal and secure
world you should only be able to do what

world you should only be able to do what

world you should only be able to do what
you're allowed to do and nothing else

you're allowed to do and nothing else

you're allowed to do and nothing else
or you go to jail no the goal of cmmc

or you go to jail no the goal of cmmc

or you go to jail no the goal of cmmc
control ac.l2-3.1.4

employee principle of least privilege

employee principle of least privilege

employee principle of least privilege
including for specific security

including for specific security

including for specific security
functions and privileged accounts is to

functions and privileged accounts is to

functions and privileged accounts is to
absolutely limit

absolutely limit

absolutely limit
authorize users to only be being able to

authorize users to only be being able to

authorize users to only be being able to
do the things which are required to

do the things which are required to

do the things which are required to
complete their required job duties any

complete their required job duties any

complete their required job duties any
further access or capability is simply

further access or capability is simply

further access or capability is simply
no bueno not allowed not necessary and

no bueno not allowed not necessary and

no bueno not allowed not necessary and
because of that being able to do what is

because of that being able to do what is

because of that being able to do what is
not necessary brings about a higher

not necessary brings about a higher

not necessary brings about a higher
level of security access and risk to

level of security access and risk to

level of security access and risk to
information than necessary in essence

information than necessary in essence

information than necessary in essence
this is the first control we really

this is the first control we really

this is the first control we really
begin to see the necessity of real true

begin to see the necessity of real true

begin to see the necessity of real true
risk management coming into play with

risk management coming into play with

risk management coming into play with
cmmc now if I was an assessor there's

cmmc now if I was an assessor there's

cmmc now if I was an assessor there's
three points that I would be assessing

three points that I would be assessing

three points that I would be assessing
on okay the first one is I would

on okay the first one is I would

on okay the first one is I would
determine if privileged accounts are

determine if privileged accounts are

determine if privileged accounts are
identified in other words is there some

identified in other words is there some

identified in other words is there some
way to figure out that this account has

way to figure out that this account has

way to figure out that this account has
more privileges or is privileged versus

more privileges or is privileged versus

more privileges or is privileged versus
a standard user account if I was to give

a standard user account if I was to give

a standard user account if I was to give
a sample answer I would say something

a sample answer I would say something

a sample answer I would say something
like privileged accounts or identify

like privileged accounts or identify

like privileged accounts or identify
within active directory and privileged

within active directory and privileged

within active directory and privileged
identity management if you're using like

identity management if you're using like

identity management if you're using like
an Azure uh privileged identity

an Azure uh privileged identity

an Azure uh privileged identity
management service there's a lot of

management service there's a lot of

management service there's a lot of
answers uh you know to how you could

answers uh you know to how you could

answers uh you know to how you could
answer that but that's maybe one of the

answer that but that's maybe one of the

answer that but that's maybe one of the
simpler ones now determinive access to

simpler ones now determinive access to

simpler ones now determinive access to
privileged accounts is authorized in

privileged accounts is authorized in

privileged accounts is authorized in
accordance with principal of Lee's

accordance with principal of Lee's

accordance with principal of Lee's
privilege uh again the idea there being

privilege uh again the idea there being

privilege uh again the idea there being
hey do you get just the least amount of

hey do you get just the least amount of

hey do you get just the least amount of
privilege that you need to do your job

privilege that you need to do your job

privilege that you need to do your job
uh and if I was to give a sample answer

uh and if I was to give a sample answer

uh and if I was to give a sample answer
there I would say privileged accounts

there I would say privileged accounts

there I would say privileged accounts
are only granted based upon requirement

are only granted based upon requirement

are only granted based upon requirement
of assigned job duties access to

of assigned job duties access to

of assigned job duties access to
privileged accounts is only authorized

privileged accounts is only authorized

privileged accounts is only authorized
through the it ticketing system by the

through the it ticketing system by the

through the it ticketing system by the
organization's I don't know chief

organization's I don't know chief

organization's I don't know chief
operations officer or uh you know

operations officer or uh you know

operations officer or uh you know
whoever the information system owner is

whoever the information system owner is

whoever the information system owner is
there's got to be some Authority on who

there's got to be some Authority on who

there's got to be some Authority on who
gets access and there needs to be some

gets access and there needs to be some

gets access and there needs to be some
sort of chain of command there

sort of chain of command there

sort of chain of command there
assessment point would be determining if

assessment point would be determining if

assessment point would be determining if
security functions are actually defined

security functions are actually defined

security functions are actually defined
so if I was going to Define security

so if I was going to Define security

so if I was going to Define security
functions I would say hey security

functions I would say hey security

functions I would say hey security
functions are identified uh via the

functions are identified uh via the

functions are identified uh via the
entitlement lifecycle management process

entitlement lifecycle management process

entitlement lifecycle management process
and access reviews now if you're not

and access reviews now if you're not

and access reviews now if you're not
familiar with entitlement lifecycle

familiar with entitlement lifecycle

familiar with entitlement lifecycle
management you can Google it it's a

management you can Google it it's a

management you can Google it it's a
Microsoft thing now that was the answer

Microsoft thing now that was the answer

Microsoft thing now that was the answer
you know that we kind of came up with

you know that we kind of came up with

you know that we kind of came up with
for this little sample equation here but

for this little sample equation here but

for this little sample equation here but
there's lots and lots of ways to do this

there's lots and lots of ways to do this

there's lots and lots of ways to do this
right so determining if security

right so determining if security

right so determining if security
functions are identified again it could

functions are identified again it could

functions are identified again it could
be a written policy it could be you know

be a written policy it could be you know

be a written policy it could be you know
looking perhaps maybe at the way that

looking perhaps maybe at the way that

looking perhaps maybe at the way that
active directory is structured do you

active directory is structured do you

active directory is structured do you
have different security groups you know

have different security groups you know

have different security groups you know
with definitions on the security groups

with definitions on the security groups

with definitions on the security groups
and active directory and then the access

and active directory and then the access

and active directory and then the access
reviews part is hey is somebody

reviews part is hey is somebody

reviews part is hey is somebody
periodically reviewing what's going on

periodically reviewing what's going on

periodically reviewing what's going on
with say active directory in that

with say active directory in that

with say active directory in that
example and actually seeing that those

example and actually seeing that those

example and actually seeing that those
people only have the access that they

people only have the access that they

people only have the access that they
need that if you can show all that that

need that if you can show all that that

need that if you can show all that that
is when you'll pass this control and

is when you'll pass this control and

is when you'll pass this control and
make sure that you're uh that you've met

make sure that you're uh that you've met

make sure that you're uh that you've met
your requirements now if you're

your requirements now if you're

your requirements now if you're
scratching your head if uh if you're

scratching your head if uh if you're

scratching your head if uh if you're
scratching other body parts I can't help

scratching other body parts I can't help

scratching other body parts I can't help
you there but uh and on call what I can

you there but uh and on call what I can

you there but uh and on call what I can
tell you is we work with defense

tell you is we work with defense

tell you is we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc compliant

this D fars nist itar and cmmc compliant

this D fars nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropping their laugh like a

stuff dropping their laugh like a

stuff dropping their laugh like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how

seagull on a sunny day we teach you how

seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call

to level up and be a proper on-call

to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and it probably won't really

do for you and it probably won't really

do for you and it probably won't really
actually solve you from being itchy but

actually solve you from being itchy but

actually solve you from being itchy but
if you're looking for more help getting

if you're looking for more help getting

if you're looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are

compliant our compliance experts are

compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit

always on call for you visit

always on call for you visit
cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out

cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out

cmmccomplianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're

right now if you love the content we're

right now if you love the content we're
putting out there for you help us out

putting out there for you help us out

putting out there for you help us out
like really please help us out help us

like really please help us out help us

like really please help us out help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like

out with a big thumbs up on that like

out with a big thumbs up on that like
button just go ahead and hit it right

button just go ahead and hit it right

button just go ahead and hit it right
now for even better smash the Subscribe

now for even better smash the Subscribe

now for even better smash the Subscribe
button baby all right we got hundreds

button baby all right we got hundreds

button baby all right we got hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds of subscribers

and hundreds and hundreds of subscribers

and hundreds and hundreds of subscribers
and we're trying to get hundreds and

and we're trying to get hundreds and

and we're trying to get hundreds and
hundreds and thousands more hey you know

hundreds and thousands more hey you know

hundreds and thousands more hey you know
what we put this stuff out here for free

what we put this stuff out here for free

what we put this stuff out here for free
and if it helped you we'd love a little

and if it helped you we'd love a little

and if it helped you we'd love a little
subscribe love it really helps us out uh

subscribe love it really helps us out uh

subscribe love it really helps us out uh
again to get the latest compliance

again to get the latest compliance

again to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance Center

content as soon as our compliance Center

content as soon as our compliance Center
is rolling out uh until the next

is rolling out uh until the next

is rolling out uh until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and only as secure as

secure out there and only as secure as

secure out there and only as secure as
you're allowed to be uh and hit us in

you're allowed to be uh and hit us in

you're allowed to be uh and hit us in
the comments below to let us know what

the comments below to let us know what

the comments below to let us know what
you'd like to know more about when it

you'd like to know more about when it

you'd like to know more about when it
comes to information security and

comes to information security and

comes to information security and
compliance and you know what I'll see

compliance and you know what I'll see

compliance and you know what I'll see
you on the next one

you on the next one

you on the next one