Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control ia.l

cmmc control ia.l

cmmc control ia.l
2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for a

2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for a

2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for a
specified number of generations

specified number of generations

specified number of generations

say hey if you're a defense contractor

say hey if you're a defense contractor

say hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP Hunter 171 compliance

dfars and nist SP Hunter 171 compliance

dfars and nist SP Hunter 171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got green news for

workload well I've got green news for

workload well I've got green news for
you you've found your home here at

you you've found your home here at

you you've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it cmmc control

jump into it cmmc control

jump into it cmmc control
ia.l2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for

ia.l2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for

ia.l2-3.5.8 prohibit password reuse for
a specified number of generations no

a specified number of generations no

a specified number of generations no
we're not talking about your parents

we're not talking about your parents

we're not talking about your parents
we're talking about Generations okay so

we're talking about Generations okay so

we're talking about Generations okay so
on this one it's another great best

on this one it's another great best

on this one it's another great best
practice reminder that's really all this

practice reminder that's really all this

practice reminder that's really all this
is it's one thing to require users to

is it's one thing to require users to

is it's one thing to require users to
change their passwords but we also must

change their passwords but we also must

change their passwords but we also must
remember that users are creatures of

remember that users are creatures of

remember that users are creatures of
habit they will literally flip back and

habit they will literally flip back and

habit they will literally flip back and
forth between the same two passwords if

forth between the same two passwords if

forth between the same two passwords if
you let them ask me how I know so this

you let them ask me how I know so this

you let them ask me how I know so this
control mandates that we look at the

control mandates that we look at the

control mandates that we look at the
settings for how many generations of

settings for how many generations of

settings for how many generations of
passwords in other words how many times

passwords in other words how many times

passwords in other words how many times
can you use the same passwords in a row

can you use the same passwords in a row

can you use the same passwords in a row
to remember and make sure it's specified

to remember and make sure it's specified

to remember and make sure it's specified
and I recommend a little bit more than

and I recommend a little bit more than

and I recommend a little bit more than
just two or three passwords what this

just two or three passwords what this

just two or three passwords what this
prevents is a compromised password from

prevents is a compromised password from

prevents is a compromised password from
coming back into rotation and allowing

coming back into rotation and allowing

coming back into rotation and allowing
for attack so let's take into what the

for attack so let's take into what the

for attack so let's take into what the
assessors are really going to look for

assessors are really going to look for

assessors are really going to look for
and what they have to say on this one

and what they have to say on this one

and what they have to say on this one
all right two points of assessment here

all right two points of assessment here

all right two points of assessment here
determine if the number of generations

determine if the number of generations

determine if the number of generations
during which a password cannot be reused

during which a password cannot be reused

during which a password cannot be reused
is specified uh again we would say most

is specified uh again we would say most

is specified uh again we would say most
likely that this is implemented via

likely that this is implemented via

likely that this is implemented via
group policy or system policy of some

group policy or system policy of some

group policy or system policy of some
kind and then we might throw out a

kind and then we might throw out a

kind and then we might throw out a
number let's just say like 10 right uh

number let's just say like 10 right uh

number let's just say like 10 right uh
again you can't repeat the password for

again you can't repeat the password for

again you can't repeat the password for
at least 10 different Generations next

at least 10 different Generations next

at least 10 different Generations next
assessment Point determine if reusive

assessment Point determine if reusive

assessment Point determine if reusive
password is prohibited during the

password is prohibited during the

password is prohibited during the
specified number of generations

specified number of generations

specified number of generations
again here we would say this is

again here we would say this is

again here we would say this is
implemented via the group policy so

implemented via the group policy so

implemented via the group policy so
again Group Policy probably the easiest

again Group Policy probably the easiest

again Group Policy probably the easiest
way to do it you may have some other

way to do it you may have some other

way to do it you may have some other
configuration or setting depending upon

configuration or setting depending upon

configuration or setting depending upon
what system you're in but in this

what system you're in but in this

what system you're in but in this
example we'll just give the easy one

example we'll just give the easy one

example we'll just give the easy one
which is to say hey look at group policy

which is to say hey look at group policy

which is to say hey look at group policy
now if you're a defense contractor uh

now if you're a defense contractor uh

now if you're a defense contractor uh
and you have had this stuff dropped into

and you have had this stuff dropped into

and you have had this stuff dropped into
your lap like a seagull on a sunny day

your lap like a seagull on a sunny day

your lap like a seagull on a sunny day
the good news is at on-call we teach you

the good news is at on-call we teach you

the good news is at on-call we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call

how to level up and be a proper on-call

how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins yes I want to show

higher profit margins yes I want to show

higher profit margins yes I want to show
you how to actually win more Defense

you how to actually win more Defense

you how to actually win more Defense
work all right and with higher profit

work all right and with higher profit

work all right and with higher profit
margins so important now that's what

margins so important now that's what

margins so important now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more

do for you if you're looking for more

do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance

help getting compliant our compliance

help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit

experts are always on call for you visit

experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc complianceecrets.com or check out

cmmc complianceecrets.com or check out

cmmc complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're

right now if you love the content we're

right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out

putting out here for you help us out

putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button

with a big thumbs up on that like button

with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe

or even better smash the Subscribe

or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance that

button to get the latest compliance that

button to get the latest compliance that
as soon as our compliancers roll it out

as soon as our compliancers roll it out

as soon as our compliancers roll it out
until the next compliance tip my friends

until the next compliance tip my friends

until the next compliance tip my friends
stay safe and secure out there and hit

stay safe and secure out there and hit

stay safe and secure out there and hit
us in the comments below to let us know

us in the comments below to let us know

us in the comments below to let us know
what you'd like to know more about when

what you'd like to know more about when

what you'd like to know more about when
it comes to information security and

it comes to information security and

it comes to information security and
compliance I'll see you on the next one

compliance I'll see you on the next one

compliance I'll see you on the next one
foreign