Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

ac.l2-3-1.16 you got that right

ac.l2-3-1.16 you got that right

ac.l2-3-1.16 you got that right
authorized wireless access prior to

authorized wireless access prior to

authorized wireless access prior to
allowing such connections

allowing such connections

allowing such connections

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist sp80171 compliant stuff

dfars and nist sp80171 compliant stuff

dfars and nist sp80171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you've

well I've got great news for you you've

well I've got great news for you you've
found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so in cmmc control

ac.l2-3.1.16 authorized wireless access

ac.l2-3.1.16 authorized wireless access

ac.l2-3.1.16 authorized wireless access
prior to allowing such connections what

prior to allowing such connections what

prior to allowing such connections what
does this mean what does it mean well it

does this mean what does it mean well it

does this mean what does it mean well it
means no open wireless networks are

means no open wireless networks are

means no open wireless networks are
allowed you have to have a password

allowed you have to have a password

allowed you have to have a password
token Etc but you just can't have open

token Etc but you just can't have open

token Etc but you just can't have open
wireless networks all right we're

wireless networks all right we're

wireless networks all right we're
talking about cui here even if you have

talking about cui here even if you have

talking about cui here even if you have
a big giant secure building that

a big giant secure building that

a big giant secure building that
controls mandate that authentication is

controls mandate that authentication is

controls mandate that authentication is
required let's check out what the ask

required let's check out what the ask

required let's check out what the ask
what the assessors are looking for and

what the assessors are looking for and

what the assessors are looking for and
how to make them happy on this one

how to make them happy on this one

how to make them happy on this one
so if I'm an assessor the first thing

so if I'm an assessor the first thing

so if I'm an assessor the first thing
I'm looking for is one determine if

I'm looking for is one determine if

I'm looking for is one determine if
wireless access points are identified

wireless access points are identified

wireless access points are identified
are they of course they are right

are they of course they are right

are they of course they are right
there's an SSID wireless network

there's an SSID wireless network

there's an SSID wireless network
controller system identifies all

controller system identifies all

controller system identifies all
wireless access points including both

wireless access points including both

wireless access points including both
authorized and unauthorized that's a

authorized and unauthorized that's a

authorized and unauthorized that's a
good sample answer so who knows maybe

good sample answer so who knows maybe

good sample answer so who knows maybe
you're using a ubiquity system or a

you're using a ubiquity system or a

you're using a ubiquity system or a
Cisco system and that system's

Cisco system and that system's

Cisco system and that system's
identifying the wireless access points

identifying the wireless access points

identifying the wireless access points
might also be good if you've got

might also be good if you've got

might also be good if you've got
something to detect Rogue access points

something to detect Rogue access points

something to detect Rogue access points
as well now the second thing that

as well now the second thing that

as well now the second thing that
they're looking for is determining if

they're looking for is determining if

they're looking for is determining if
wireless access is authorized prior to

wireless access is authorized prior to

wireless access is authorized prior to
allowing such Connections in other words

allowing such Connections in other words

allowing such Connections in other words
did somebody or something authorize you

did somebody or something authorize you

did somebody or something authorize you
to actually get that wireless access now

to actually get that wireless access now

to actually get that wireless access now
if I was going to create a sample answer

if I was going to create a sample answer

if I was going to create a sample answer
I might say something like no wireless

I might say something like no wireless

I might say something like no wireless
access is possible without authorization

access is possible without authorization

access is possible without authorization
via input of a secure password or maybe

via input of a secure password or maybe

via input of a secure password or maybe
a token or something like that

a token or something like that

a token or something like that
so uh and on call we work with defense

so uh and on call we work with defense

so uh and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc

this D fars nist itar and cmmc

this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day and we

like a seagull on a sunny day and we

like a seagull on a sunny day and we
teach you how to level up and be a

teach you how to level up and be a

teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your

proper on-call compliance hero for your

proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps gray areas and

company eliminating gaps gray areas and

company eliminating gaps gray areas and
getting this solved all while showing

getting this solved all while showing

getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance is your

you how to leverage compliance is your

you how to leverage compliance is your
secret weapon to Landing more Defense

secret weapon to Landing more Defense

secret weapon to Landing more Defense
work with higher profit margins now

work with higher profit margins now

work with higher profit margins now
that's what becoming an on-call

that's what becoming an on-call

that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're

compliance hero can do for you if you're

compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant

looking for more help getting compliant

looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on

our compliance experts are always on

our compliance experts are always on
call for you because CMC compliance

call for you because CMC compliance

call for you because CMC compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below

secrets.com or check out the bio below

secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you

for links to get help right now if you

for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here

love the content we're putting out here

love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up

for you help us out with a big thumbs up

for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better smash

on that like button or even better smash

on that like button or even better smash
the Subscribe button to get the latest

the Subscribe button to get the latest

the Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until the next

compliances roll it out until the next

compliances roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us up in the

secure out there and hit us up in the

secure out there and hit us up in the
comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

all right