Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

cmmc control

cmmc control
cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain

cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain

cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain
Baseline configurations and inventories

Baseline configurations and inventories

Baseline configurations and inventories
of organizational systems including

of organizational systems including

of organizational systems including
Hardware software firmware and

Hardware software firmware and

Hardware software firmware and
documentation throughout the respective

documentation throughout the respective

documentation throughout the respective
system development life cycles

system development life cycles

system development life cycles

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SB 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SB 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SB 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already work colossal

on top of an already work colossal

on top of an already work colossal
workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here baby at

you you found your home here baby at

you you found your home here baby at
on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it so in cmmccontrol

jump into it so in cmmccontrol

jump into it so in cmmccontrol
cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain

cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain

cm.l2-3.4.1 establish and maintain
Baseline configurations and inventories

Baseline configurations and inventories

Baseline configurations and inventories
of organizational systems including

of organizational systems including

of organizational systems including
Hardware software firmware and

Hardware software firmware and

Hardware software firmware and
documentation throughout the respective

documentation throughout the respective

documentation throughout the respective
system development life cycles here we

system development life cycles here we

system development life cycles here we
find ourselves running into yet more

find ourselves running into yet more

find ourselves running into yet more
documentation requirements I know you're

documentation requirements I know you're

documentation requirements I know you're
swimming in paper and guess what it's

swimming in paper and guess what it's

swimming in paper and guess what it's
time to do the backstroke baby because

time to do the backstroke baby because

time to do the backstroke baby because
there's more of it coming your way this

there's more of it coming your way this

there's more of it coming your way this
time it's the requirement to have

time it's the requirement to have

time it's the requirement to have
Baseline documentation okay uh and I

Baseline documentation okay uh and I

Baseline documentation okay uh and I
have to tell you it never surprises me

have to tell you it never surprises me

have to tell you it never surprises me
to walk into organizations uh and and we

to walk into organizations uh and and we

to walk into organizations uh and and we
ask for documentation kind of before we

ask for documentation kind of before we

ask for documentation kind of before we
get there use those kind of crickets we

get there use those kind of crickets we

get there use those kind of crickets we
show up there say hey cool let's see

show up there say hey cool let's see

show up there say hey cool let's see
your network diagram they hand us like

your network diagram they hand us like

your network diagram they hand us like
one Visio diagram of a fairly basic sort

one Visio diagram of a fairly basic sort

one Visio diagram of a fairly basic sort
of high level topology if we're lucky

of high level topology if we're lucky

of high level topology if we're lucky
most places we don't even get that but

most places we don't even get that but

most places we don't even get that but
they basically don't have documentation

they basically don't have documentation

they basically don't have documentation
on their Network and only we've what we

on their Network and only we've what we

on their Network and only we've what we
find is that there's really little to no

find is that there's really little to no

find is that there's really little to no
documentation all on the network so to

documentation all on the network so to

documentation all on the network so to
me this is really scary stuff because

me this is really scary stuff because

me this is really scary stuff because
you know if you have a problem and you

you know if you have a problem and you

you know if you have a problem and you
need to bring in a third party to

need to bring in a third party to

need to bring in a third party to
troubleshoot it or if you have a problem

troubleshoot it or if you have a problem

troubleshoot it or if you have a problem
like you you know something on your

like you you know something on your

like you you know something on your
network gets wiped out how are you going

network gets wiped out how are you going

network gets wiped out how are you going
to know how it all went back together

to know how it all went back together

to know how it all went back together
and that's kind of one of the core

and that's kind of one of the core

and that's kind of one of the core
fundamental basics of nist is know what

fundamental basics of nist is know what

fundamental basics of nist is know what
you've got you know to begin with and if

you've got you know to begin with and if

you've got you know to begin with and if
you're you know again a small to

you're you know again a small to

you're you know again a small to
mid-sized it shop or I.T department and

mid-sized it shop or I.T department and

mid-sized it shop or I.T department and
you really haven't you know done your

you really haven't you know done your

you really haven't you know done your
your sort of your paperwork and your

your sort of your paperwork and your

your sort of your paperwork and your
documentation and you're like what's the

documentation and you're like what's the

documentation and you're like what's the
point I'm trying to put out fires and

point I'm trying to put out fires and

point I'm trying to put out fires and
put out tickets you know here's what

put out tickets you know here's what

put out tickets you know here's what
I'll tell you it's so worth it all right

I'll tell you it's so worth it all right

I'll tell you it's so worth it all right
it's one of those things you don't have

it's one of those things you don't have

it's one of those things you don't have
to do it terribly often but for one

to do it terribly often but for one

to do it terribly often but for one
thing if you're a defense contractor

thing if you're a defense contractor

thing if you're a defense contractor
you're required by law to have that

you're required by law to have that

you're required by law to have that
stuff on paper that way you can

stuff on paper that way you can

stuff on paper that way you can
demonstrate to an assessor or someone in

demonstrate to an assessor or someone in

demonstrate to an assessor or someone in
the dod what exactly you have going on

the dod what exactly you have going on

the dod what exactly you have going on
if there's a question about it where if

if there's a question about it where if

if there's a question about it where if
you're attacked it's really really

you're attacked it's really really

you're attacked it's really really
important and you're going to look

important and you're going to look

important and you're going to look
really silly if something bad happens

really silly if something bad happens

really silly if something bad happens
and you can't even whip out some basic

and you can't even whip out some basic

and you can't even whip out some basic
Network documentation now there are lots

Network documentation now there are lots

Network documentation now there are lots
and lots of cool ways to do it if you're

and lots of cool ways to do it if you're

and lots of cool ways to do it if you're
just needing a really fast way to do it

just needing a really fast way to do it

just needing a really fast way to do it
we have some automated methods along

we have some automated methods along

we have some automated methods along
with some people that will help you with

with some people that will help you with

with some people that will help you with
the risk management piece uh and even

the risk management piece uh and even

the risk management piece uh and even
the review of the documentation piece we

the review of the documentation piece we

the review of the documentation piece we
also do that that is definitely a

also do that that is definitely a

also do that that is definitely a
service that we offer uh and again we

service that we offer uh and again we

service that we offer uh and again we
can help you every step of the way when

can help you every step of the way when

can help you every step of the way when
it comes to compliance Network audits uh

it comes to compliance Network audits uh

it comes to compliance Network audits uh
documentation things like that I'll get

documentation things like that I'll get

documentation things like that I'll get
in a little bit later but for now let's

in a little bit later but for now let's

in a little bit later but for now let's
check out what the assessors are looking

check out what the assessors are looking

check out what the assessors are looking
for on this one how to make them happy

for on this one how to make them happy

for on this one how to make them happy
so on this one fair warning they're

so on this one fair warning they're

so on this one fair warning they're
looking for a bunch of stuff okay

looking for a bunch of stuff okay

looking for a bunch of stuff okay
there's like a through F and I think if

there's like a through F and I think if

there's like a through F and I think if
my counting is correct I think that's

my counting is correct I think that's

my counting is correct I think that's
like six different things they want to

like six different things they want to

like six different things they want to
assess you on again this is one of the

assess you on again this is one of the

assess you on again this is one of the
bigger controls so

bigger controls so

bigger controls so
what are they looking for first number

what are they looking for first number

what are they looking for first number
one determine if a baseline

one determine if a baseline

one determine if a baseline
configuration is established in other

configuration is established in other

configuration is established in other
words do you even have any documentation

words do you even have any documentation

words do you even have any documentation
hey free points if you've got it failing

hey free points if you've got it failing

hey free points if you've got it failing
if you don't all right so again we would

if you don't all right so again we would

if you don't all right so again we would
probably put down as an answer pretty

probably put down as an answer pretty

probably put down as an answer pretty
simple straightforward hey it's

simple straightforward hey it's

simple straightforward hey it's
implemented C organizations Network

implemented C organizations Network

implemented C organizations Network
documentation on file uh again one of

documentation on file uh again one of

documentation on file uh again one of
the first things we do whenever we step

the first things we do whenever we step

the first things we do whenever we step
in any client that we're helping you a

in any client that we're helping you a

in any client that we're helping you a
compliant is we run some pretty awesome

compliant is we run some pretty awesome

compliant is we run some pretty awesome
software that essentially takes care of

software that essentially takes care of

software that essentially takes care of
every bit of this and creates some

every bit of this and creates some

every bit of this and creates some
amazing amazing Network documentation

amazing amazing Network documentation

amazing amazing Network documentation
performs internal and external network

performs internal and external network

performs internal and external network
audits uh and penetration tests and

audits uh and penetration tests and

audits uh and penetration tests and
things like that so again it's it's it's

things like that so again it's it's it's

things like that so again it's it's it's
really for us it's like square one we

really for us it's like square one we

really for us it's like square one we
can't even understand your network until

can't even understand your network until

can't even understand your network until
we do that all right assessment Point

we do that all right assessment Point

we do that all right assessment Point
number two determine if the Baseline

number two determine if the Baseline

number two determine if the Baseline
configuration includes Hardware software

configuration includes Hardware software

configuration includes Hardware software
firmware and documentation again this is

firmware and documentation again this is

firmware and documentation again this is
on you right so it's assuming that

on you right so it's assuming that

on you right so it's assuming that
you've got that but you have to go to

you've got that but you have to go to

you've got that but you have to go to
that level right Hardware software yes

that level right Hardware software yes

that level right Hardware software yes
they want a list of every piece of

they want a list of every piece of

they want a list of every piece of
software you're running why because if

software you're running why because if

software you're running why because if
you've got a baseline you've got some

you've got a baseline you've got some

you've got a baseline you've got some
other weird software you can refer back

other weird software you can refer back

other weird software you can refer back
to the Baseline and well you'll know

to the Baseline and well you'll know

to the Baseline and well you'll know
that it was always there or that it

that it was always there or that it

that it was always there or that it
wasn't so either way it's still pretty

wasn't so either way it's still pretty

wasn't so either way it's still pretty
important and again the answer itself is

important and again the answer itself is

important and again the answer itself is
the same it's implemented see the

the same it's implemented see the

the same it's implemented see the
organization's Network documentation

organization's Network documentation

organization's Network documentation
that's on file have it available for

that's on file have it available for

that's on file have it available for
your assessor have it available for your

your assessor have it available for your

your assessor have it available for your
boss only if you want to keep your job

boss only if you want to keep your job

boss only if you want to keep your job
right all right Point number three

right all right Point number three

right all right Point number three
determine if the Baseline configuration

determine if the Baseline configuration

determine if the Baseline configuration
is maintained ah now we get a little bit

is maintained ah now we get a little bit

is maintained ah now we get a little bit
more complicated right has it been

more complicated right has it been

more complicated right has it been
reviewed has it been updated throughout

reviewed has it been updated throughout

reviewed has it been updated throughout
the system development life cycle okay

the system development life cycle okay

the system development life cycle okay
so now what does that mean that means

so now what does that mean that means

so now what does that mean that means
you got to have a a baseline right you

you got to have a a baseline right you

you got to have a a baseline right you
gotta have some point where you begin

gotta have some point where you begin

gotta have some point where you begin
but then you got to have more iterations

but then you got to have more iterations

but then you got to have more iterations
of it okay you've got to show over time

of it okay you've got to show over time

of it okay you've got to show over time
that you're doing the work all right and

that you're doing the work all right and

that you're doing the work all right and
you're updating it you've got new

you're updating it you've got new

you're updating it you've got new
versions of it okay this is all very

versions of it okay this is all very

versions of it okay this is all very
important we love using ticketing

important we love using ticketing

important we love using ticketing
systems to keep track of everything that

systems to keep track of everything that

systems to keep track of everything that
we do and you know we'll put this year's

we do and you know we'll put this year's

we do and you know we'll put this year's
as an attachment to a service ticket

as an attachment to a service ticket

as an attachment to a service ticket
it's a great way to keep track of it if

it's a great way to keep track of it if

it's a great way to keep track of it if
I was to answer this one I would say

I was to answer this one I would say

I was to answer this one I would say
implemented you know see organizations

implemented you know see organizations

implemented you know see organizations
Network documentation on file updated in

Network documentation on file updated in

Network documentation on file updated in
real time daily through and again just

real time daily through and again just

real time daily through and again just
sort of an example we have a remote

sort of an example we have a remote

sort of an example we have a remote
monitoring and management system that

monitoring and management system that

monitoring and management system that
can actually take attachments uh it

can actually take attachments uh it

can actually take attachments uh it
includes a ticketing system and so again

includes a ticketing system and so again

includes a ticketing system and so again
we actually say CR ticketing system uh

we actually say CR ticketing system uh

we actually say CR ticketing system uh
for annual service tickets on network

for annual service tickets on network

for annual service tickets on network
documentation updating again lots of

documentation updating again lots of

documentation updating again lots of
lots of flexibility in what the answer

lots of flexibility in what the answer

lots of flexibility in what the answer
could be but the idea really is is that

could be but the idea really is is that

could be but the idea really is is that
you've got history on it

you've got history on it

you've got history on it
next determine if a system inventory is

next determine if a system inventory is

next determine if a system inventory is
established right do we have an

established right do we have an

established right do we have an
inventory so again does your

inventory so again does your

inventory so again does your
documentation actually include a total

documentation actually include a total

documentation actually include a total
inventory so somebody can go down the

inventory so somebody can go down the

inventory so somebody can go down the
inventory list and see exactly what you

inventory list and see exactly what you

inventory list and see exactly what you
have in there from a hardware software

have in there from a hardware software

have in there from a hardware software
firmware perspective Etc again we'll

firmware perspective Etc again we'll

firmware perspective Etc again we'll
just have an easy answer to it on paper

just have an easy answer to it on paper

just have an easy answer to it on paper
which is Implement see the organizations

which is Implement see the organizations

which is Implement see the organizations
that were documentation on file

that were documentation on file

that were documentation on file
obviously be prepared to show that

obviously be prepared to show that

obviously be prepared to show that
determine if the system inventory

determine if the system inventory

determine if the system inventory
includes Hardware software firmware and

includes Hardware software firmware and

includes Hardware software firmware and
documentation Again by now you're just

documentation Again by now you're just

documentation Again by now you're just
kind of repeating yourself I don't know

kind of repeating yourself I don't know

kind of repeating yourself I don't know
why they have this extra assessment

why they have this extra assessment

why they have this extra assessment
point in here but I did write this thing

point in here but I did write this thing

point in here but I did write this thing
and I'm sure there's a really good

and I'm sure there's a really good

and I'm sure there's a really good
reason to really get super granular on

reason to really get super granular on

reason to really get super granular on
what that documentation's got to have in

what that documentation's got to have in

what that documentation's got to have in
it again uh same answer really is see

it again uh same answer really is see

it again uh same answer really is see
the organizations Network documentation

the organizations Network documentation

the organizations Network documentation
on file and then you're gonna you're

on file and then you're gonna you're

on file and then you're gonna you're
gonna basically break out all your

gonna basically break out all your

gonna basically break out all your
reports for that Assessor final one

reports for that Assessor final one

reports for that Assessor final one
number six determine if the inventory is

number six determine if the inventory is

number six determine if the inventory is
maintained that is reviewed and updated

maintained that is reviewed and updated

maintained that is reviewed and updated
throughout the system development life

throughout the system development life

throughout the system development life
cycle okay again is someone looking at

cycle okay again is someone looking at

cycle okay again is someone looking at
this stuff okay can you point to a

this stuff okay can you point to a

this stuff okay can you point to a
service ticket where you went back and

service ticket where you went back and

service ticket where you went back and
said hey Freddy and tech support on tier

said hey Freddy and tech support on tier

said hey Freddy and tech support on tier
one go look at the network diagram if

one go look at the network diagram if

one go look at the network diagram if
you want to figure out how that works

you want to figure out how that works

you want to figure out how that works
okay hopefully that's a yes uh so again

okay hopefully that's a yes uh so again

okay hopefully that's a yes uh so again
Implement see organizations Network

Implement see organizations Network

Implement see organizations Network
documentation on file again guys they're

documentation on file again guys they're

documentation on file again guys they're
not looking for brain surgery here

not looking for brain surgery here

not looking for brain surgery here
um you just got to have some ability to

um you just got to have some ability to

um you just got to have some ability to
basically say hey look here it is it's

basically say hey look here it is it's

basically say hey look here it is it's
in our ticketing system we can refer

in our ticketing system we can refer

in our ticketing system we can refer
back to it when needed all right awesome

back to it when needed all right awesome

back to it when needed all right awesome
and again that should cover everything

and again that should cover everything

and again that should cover everything
for this control but if you got 109 more

for this control but if you got 109 more

for this control but if you got 109 more
to go no worries because in on-call we

to go no worries because in on-call we

to go no worries because in on-call we
work with defense contractors just like

work with defense contractors just like

work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dfars nist itar

you who have had this dfars nist itar

you who have had this dfars nist itar
and cmfc compliant stuff dropped into

and cmfc compliant stuff dropped into

and cmfc compliant stuff dropped into
their laps

their laps

their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach

like a seagull on a sunny day we teach

like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper

you how to level up and be a proper

you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company

on-call compliance hero for your company

on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you

do for you

do for you
and if you're looking for more help

and if you're looking for more help

and if you're looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts

getting compliant our compliance experts

getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you you can visit

are always on call for you you can visit

are always on call for you you can visit
cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out

cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out

cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help
right now like literally right now if

right now like literally right now if

right now like literally right now if
you go there you can self-schedule time

you go there you can self-schedule time

you go there you can self-schedule time
one of our certified compliance experts

one of our certified compliance experts

one of our certified compliance experts
and I bet they're available right now

and I bet they're available right now

and I bet they're available right now
yeah pretty much all the time

yeah pretty much all the time

yeah pretty much all the time
if you love the content we're putting

if you love the content we're putting

if you love the content we're putting
out here for you help us out with a big

out here for you help us out with a big

out here for you help us out with a big
thumbs up on that like button or even

thumbs up on that like button or even

thumbs up on that like button or even
better smash that subscribe button to

better smash that subscribe button to

better smash that subscribe button to
get the latest compliance content as

get the latest compliance content as

get the latest compliance content as
soon as our compliance there is roll it

soon as our compliance there is roll it

soon as our compliance there is roll it
out until the next compliance tip my

out until the next compliance tip my

out until the next compliance tip my
friends stay safe and secure out there

friends stay safe and secure out there

friends stay safe and secure out there
hit us in the comments below to let us

hit us in the comments below to let us

hit us in the comments below to let us
know what you'd like to know more about

know what you'd like to know more about

know what you'd like to know more about
when it comes to information security

when it comes to information security

when it comes to information security
and compliance and I'll see you on the

and compliance and I'll see you on the

and compliance and I'll see you on the
next one

next one

next one
foreign

foreign

foreign