Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control

ac.l2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile

ac.l2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile

ac.l2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile
devices and mobile Computing platforms

devices and mobile Computing platforms

devices and mobile Computing platforms

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all of this cmmc

alone try to understand all of this cmmc

alone try to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions which is where we

compliance Solutions which is where we

compliance Solutions which is where we
help you transform into your company's

help you transform into your company's

help you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero and get this

on-call compliance hero and get this

on-call compliance hero and get this
stuff let's jump into it so in cmfcc

stuff let's jump into it so in cmfcc

stuff let's jump into it so in cmfcc
control ac.l

control ac.l

control ac.l
2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile devices

2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile devices

2-3.1.19 encrypt cui on mobile devices
and mobile Computing platforms this is

and mobile Computing platforms this is

and mobile Computing platforms this is
another pretty clear-cut control which

another pretty clear-cut control which

another pretty clear-cut control which
sets a mandate for how mobile devices

sets a mandate for how mobile devices

sets a mandate for how mobile devices
must have data protected now the

must have data protected now the

must have data protected now the
interesting thing here is the question

interesting thing here is the question

interesting thing here is the question
what's a mobile device right it's not

what's a mobile device right it's not

what's a mobile device right it's not
really so clear-cut if you just read the

really so clear-cut if you just read the

really so clear-cut if you just read the
control to answer that we look at nist

control to answer that we look at nist

control to answer that we look at nist
definitions for mobile devices which

definitions for mobile devices which

definitions for mobile devices which
reference any Computing platform which

reference any Computing platform which

reference any Computing platform which
may store process or transmit data

may store process or transmit data

may store process or transmit data
particularly cui in this case which is

particularly cui in this case which is

particularly cui in this case which is
considered portable okay so this

considered portable okay so this

considered portable okay so this
includes just as just as a few relevant

includes just as just as a few relevant

includes just as just as a few relevant
examples laptops tablets mobile phones

examples laptops tablets mobile phones

examples laptops tablets mobile phones
Etc which are meant to be not in a fixed

Etc which are meant to be not in a fixed

Etc which are meant to be not in a fixed
position or a fixed place so yes tablets

position or a fixed place so yes tablets

position or a fixed place so yes tablets
and laptops as well as smartphones must

and laptops as well as smartphones must

and laptops as well as smartphones must
have encryption turned on if they will

have encryption turned on if they will

have encryption turned on if they will
store process or transmit cui I know

store process or transmit cui I know

store process or transmit cui I know
what you're thinking you're thinking all

what you're thinking you're thinking all

what you're thinking you're thinking all
right well look man if I work hard

right well look man if I work hard

right well look man if I work hard
enough I could probably make you know a

enough I could probably make you know a

enough I could probably make you know a
desktop computer portable and you're

desktop computer portable and you're

desktop computer portable and you're
right but we do have definitions from

right but we do have definitions from

right but we do have definitions from
this to help us out there so again it's

this to help us out there so again it's

this to help us out there so again it's
something that's meant to be portable

something that's meant to be portable

something that's meant to be portable
and again we just sort of use a little

and again we just sort of use a little

and again we just sort of use a little
bit of Common Sense there I think

bit of Common Sense there I think

bit of Common Sense there I think
that'll help us all out I mean let's be

that'll help us all out I mean let's be

that'll help us all out I mean let's be
honest when dealing with these controls

honest when dealing with these controls

honest when dealing with these controls
a little Common Sense goes a little a

a little Common Sense goes a little a

a little Common Sense goes a little a
long way all right let's check out what

long way all right let's check out what

long way all right let's check out what
the assessors are looking for and how to

the assessors are looking for and how to

the assessors are looking for and how to
make them happy so uh if I'm assessing

make them happy so uh if I'm assessing

make them happy so uh if I'm assessing
this control again there's two main

this control again there's two main

this control again there's two main
primary assessment points the first one

primary assessment points the first one

primary assessment points the first one
is determining if mobile devices and

is determining if mobile devices and

is determining if mobile devices and
mobile Computing platforms that process

mobile Computing platforms that process

mobile Computing platforms that process
store transmit cui are identified in

store transmit cui are identified in

store transmit cui are identified in
other words do you know what they are

other words do you know what they are

other words do you know what they are
are they somehow identified that these

are they somehow identified that these

are they somehow identified that these
are the mobile devices and we need to

are the mobile devices and we need to

are the mobile devices and we need to
keep track of these all right these need

keep track of these all right these need

keep track of these all right these need
to be protected in a special way if I

to be protected in a special way if I

to be protected in a special way if I
was giving you a sample answer I would

was giving you a sample answer I would

was giving you a sample answer I would
say hey mobile device are identified by

say hey mobile device are identified by

say hey mobile device are identified by
System naming convention right we can

System naming convention right we can

System naming convention right we can
name them so we can easily spot them in

name them so we can easily spot them in

name them so we can easily spot them in
active directory and Via Network

active directory and Via Network

active directory and Via Network
inventory documentation right we've got

inventory documentation right we've got

inventory documentation right we've got
that we've got things documented

that we've got things documented

that we've got things documented
and our Baseline configuration inventory

and our Baseline configuration inventory

and our Baseline configuration inventory
so we know what's portable or mobile and

so we know what's portable or mobile and

so we know what's portable or mobile and
we know what is not uh now the second

we know what is not uh now the second

we know what is not uh now the second
assessment Point uh determine if

assessment Point uh determine if

assessment Point uh determine if
encryption is employed to protect cui on

encryption is employed to protect cui on

encryption is employed to protect cui on
identified mobile devices and mobile

identified mobile devices and mobile

identified mobile devices and mobile
Computing platforms uh again if I was

Computing platforms uh again if I was

Computing platforms uh again if I was
giving a sample answer that I might say

giving a sample answer that I might say

giving a sample answer that I might say
something like hey encryption is

something like hey encryption is

something like hey encryption is
employed via I don't know maybe

employed via I don't know maybe

employed via I don't know maybe
BitLocker I think symante's got some

BitLocker I think symante's got some

BitLocker I think symante's got some
great products for encryption uh and

great products for encryption uh and

great products for encryption uh and
Group Policy enforces it right so maybe

Group Policy enforces it right so maybe

Group Policy enforces it right so maybe
we're enforcing a group policy maybe

we're enforcing a group policy maybe

we're enforcing a group policy maybe
you've got a third-party solution like

you've got a third-party solution like

you've got a third-party solution like
again I mentioned Symantec earlier

again I mentioned Symantec earlier

again I mentioned Symantec earlier
they've got some Drive encryption stuff

they've got some Drive encryption stuff

they've got some Drive encryption stuff
that can enforce it it's use within all

that can enforce it it's use within all

that can enforce it it's use within all
computers in the OU that has access to

computers in the OU that has access to

computers in the OU that has access to
cui so again in this particular sample

cui so again in this particular sample

cui so again in this particular sample
answer that I'm giving we're talking

answer that I'm giving we're talking

answer that I'm giving we're talking
about an organizational unit with an

about an organizational unit with an

about an organizational unit with an
active directory that's been designated

active directory that's been designated

active directory that's been designated
the cui organizational unit there's lots

the cui organizational unit there's lots

the cui organizational unit there's lots
of ways to segment information but

of ways to segment information but

of ways to segment information but
that's one of them so uh and on call we

that's one of them so uh and on call we

that's one of them so uh and on call we
work with defense contractors just like

work with defense contractors just like

work with defense contractors just like
you who have had this dfar's nist itar

you who have had this dfar's nist itar

you who have had this dfar's nist itar
and cmmc compliance stuff dropped into

and cmmc compliance stuff dropped into

and cmmc compliance stuff dropped into
their lap like a seagull on a sunny day

their lap like a seagull on a sunny day

their lap like a seagull on a sunny day
baby we teach you how to level up and be

baby we teach you how to level up and be

baby we teach you how to level up and be
a proper on-call compliance hero for

a proper on-call compliance hero for

a proper on-call compliance hero for
your company eliminating gaps gray areas

your company eliminating gaps gray areas

your company eliminating gaps gray areas
and getting this solved all while

and getting this solved all while

and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance

showing you how to leverage compliance

showing you how to leverage compliance
as your secret weapon to land more

as your secret weapon to land more

as your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins

Defense work with higher profit margins

Defense work with higher profit margins
and that's what becoming an on-call

and that's what becoming an on-call

and that's what becoming an on-call
compliance Bureau can do for you if

compliance Bureau can do for you if

compliance Bureau can do for you if
you're looking for more help getting

you're looking for more help getting

you're looking for more help getting
compliant or just figure out what your

compliant or just figure out what your

compliant or just figure out what your
mobile devices are our compliance

mobile devices are our compliance

mobile devices are our compliance
experts are always on call for you you

experts are always on call for you you

experts are always on call for you you
can visit cmmccompliance secrets.com or

can visit cmmccompliance secrets.com or

can visit cmmccompliance secrets.com or
check out the bio below for links to get

check out the bio below for links to get

check out the bio below for links to get
help right now if you love the content

help right now if you love the content

help right now if you love the content
we're putting out here for you help us

we're putting out here for you help us

we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like

out with a big thumbs up on that like

out with a big thumbs up on that like
button it really helps us out Keeps Us

button it really helps us out Keeps Us

button it really helps us out Keeps Us
motivated here back at the home base all

motivated here back at the home base all

motivated here back at the home base all
right we're even better smash the

right we're even better smash the

right we're even better smash the
Subscribe button guys we get so excited

Subscribe button guys we get so excited

Subscribe button guys we get so excited
we get no subscribers it's like a dance

we get no subscribers it's like a dance

we get no subscribers it's like a dance
party in our Halls every day when that

party in our Halls every day when that

party in our Halls every day when that
happens all right smash the Subscribe

happens all right smash the Subscribe

happens all right smash the Subscribe
button get a compliance nerve to do a

button get a compliance nerve to do a

button get a compliance nerve to do a
little dance and we'll videotape it

little dance and we'll videotape it

little dance and we'll videotape it
we'll put it on do all right until the

we'll put it on do all right until the

we'll put it on do all right until the
next supplies tip my friends stay safe

next supplies tip my friends stay safe

next supplies tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the

and secure out there and hit us in the

and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one
foreign

foreign

foreign