Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control m a.l2-3.7.3

.3.3.3

.3.3.3

.3.3.3
.3 ensure equipment removed for off-site

.3 ensure equipment removed for off-site

.3 ensure equipment removed for off-site
maintenance is sanitized of any cui

maintenance is sanitized of any cui

maintenance is sanitized of any cui

say hey if you're a defense contractor

say hey if you're a defense contractor

say hey if you're a defense contractor
is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone

is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone

is feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all of this cmmc

trying to understand all of this cmmc

trying to understand all of this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call

found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it okay so here's the deal I've got no

it okay so here's the deal I've got no

it okay so here's the deal I've got no
beef or issue with the Geek Squad okay

beef or issue with the Geek Squad okay

beef or issue with the Geek Squad okay
I'm just gonna say that I think those

I'm just gonna say that I think those

I'm just gonna say that I think those
guys are cool I even wear a blue shirt

guys are cool I even wear a blue shirt

guys are cool I even wear a blue shirt
it's not because of them I had it first

it's not because of them I had it first

it's not because of them I had it first
they didn't even exist

they didn't even exist

they didn't even exist
it's the same shade it's been for 20

it's the same shade it's been for 20

it's the same shade it's been for 20
plus years all right and all those other

plus years all right and all those other

plus years all right and all those other
outsourced computer repair places but

outsourced computer repair places but

outsourced computer repair places but
listen if you have the technical

listen if you have the technical

listen if you have the technical
diagrams to a brand new piece of

diagrams to a brand new piece of

diagrams to a brand new piece of
military equipment you know who you are

military equipment you know who you are

military equipment you know who you are
don't go take the computer with that cui

don't go take the computer with that cui

don't go take the computer with that cui
on it into a store for repair when it

on it into a store for repair when it

on it into a store for repair when it
breaks bad bad don't do it that's not

breaks bad bad don't do it that's not

breaks bad bad don't do it that's not
okay if for some reason you need to take

okay if for some reason you need to take

okay if for some reason you need to take
a piece of equipment which contains cui

a piece of equipment which contains cui

a piece of equipment which contains cui
out of the building or send it off for

out of the building or send it off for

out of the building or send it off for
repair you must must sanitize and clear

repair you must must sanitize and clear

repair you must must sanitize and clear
off any cui from that device before

off any cui from that device before

off any cui from that device before
Leisure control we should like write the

Leisure control we should like write the

Leisure control we should like write the
words must must must as I'm saying must

words must must must as I'm saying must

words must must must as I'm saying must
must must

must must

must must
and then you run him again because I

and then you run him again because I

and then you run him again because I
just said it like three times

just said it like three times

just said it like three times
that's a that's a that's what do they

that's a that's a that's what do they

that's a that's a that's what do they
call that an on prompt an on prompt I

call that an on prompt an on prompt I

call that an on prompt an on prompt I
just made that word up I don't really

just made that word up I don't really

just made that word up I don't really
know what it is but it's where you

know what it is but it's where you

know what it is but it's where you
prompt and then

prompt and then

prompt and then
anyway we're too low budget to have real

anyway we're too low budget to have real

anyway we're too low budget to have real
editors so instead I just live edit what

editors so instead I just live edit what

editors so instead I just live edit what
I want to happen in the video and and

I want to happen in the video and and

I want to happen in the video and and
then they know to do it because they can

then they know to do it because they can

then they know to do it because they can
you imagine how to edit these videos I

you imagine how to edit these videos I

you imagine how to edit these videos I
just like let me like just let me take a

just like let me like just let me take a

just like let me like just let me take a
pause like if you're really trying to

pause like if you're really trying to

pause like if you're really trying to
get compliant right now spare me two

get compliant right now spare me two

get compliant right now spare me two
minutes per second because can you

minutes per second because can you

minutes per second because can you
imagine being an editor has to listen to

imagine being an editor has to listen to

imagine being an editor has to listen to
me for like 110 controls plus the usual

me for like 110 controls plus the usual

me for like 110 controls plus the usual
like bunch of videos that we crank out

like bunch of videos that we crank out

like bunch of videos that we crank out
here every week at on call like I can't

here every week at on call like I can't

here every week at on call like I can't
imagine being the poor guy or for that

imagine being the poor guy or for that

imagine being the poor guy or for that
matter can you imagine actually we have

matter can you imagine actually we have

matter can you imagine actually we have
a group of a group of people like we

a group of a group of people like we

a group of a group of people like we
have a team of people whose job is to

have a team of people whose job is to

have a team of people whose job is to
listen to me

listen to me

listen to me
talk about compliance like these poor

talk about compliance like these poor

talk about compliance like these poor
people

people

people
these poor poor people I watch you know

these poor poor people I watch you know

these poor poor people I watch you know
what I'm setting my editing team some

what I'm setting my editing team some

what I'm setting my editing team some
serious love and you know what if you

serious love and you know what if you

serious love and you know what if you
love our videos go to the comments

love our videos go to the comments

love our videos go to the comments
section below and you should be like hey

section below and you should be like hey

section below and you should be like hey
we love you editors you guys are awesome

we love you editors you guys are awesome

we love you editors you guys are awesome
we love what you do show my editor some

we love what you do show my editor some

we love what you do show my editor some
love because they have to listen to this

love because they have to listen to this

love because they have to listen to this
garbage like every day all day

garbage like every day all day

garbage like every day all day
and then they have to listen to it live

and then they have to listen to it live

and then they have to listen to it live
when I come in to record it and it's

when I come in to record it and it's

when I come in to record it and it's
whatever man you know what we do it for

whatever man you know what we do it for

whatever man you know what we do it for
you guys we do it for you guys our

you guys we do it for you guys our

you guys we do it for you guys our
audience you guys rock so hard all right

audience you guys rock so hard all right

audience you guys rock so hard all right
we love our defense contractors and

we love our defense contractors and

we love our defense contractors and
honestly all we want to do is keep you

honestly all we want to do is keep you

honestly all we want to do is keep you
guys safe and secure that's really what

guys safe and secure that's really what

guys safe and secure that's really what
we do what we do and that's also why

we do what we do and that's also why

we do what we do and that's also why
we're too poor to four real editors and

we're too poor to four real editors and

we're too poor to four real editors and
I just tell them what to do while I'm

I just tell them what to do while I'm

I just tell them what to do while I'm
shooting the video no Cuts there's no

shooting the video no Cuts there's no

shooting the video no Cuts there's no
Cuts allowed zero second takes all right

Cuts allowed zero second takes all right

Cuts allowed zero second takes all right
I'm gonna go back on script now because

I'm gonna go back on script now because

I'm gonna go back on script now because
I'm done

I'm done

I'm done
hey who does who does this that's the

hey who does who does this that's the

hey who does who does this that's the
other thing too is if you're watching my

other thing too is if you're watching my

other thing too is if you're watching my
videos you have to deal with my

videos you have to deal with my

videos you have to deal with my
diatribes too kind of like my editors do

diatribes too kind of like my editors do

diatribes too kind of like my editors do
so I think that's fair right you get

so I think that's fair right you get

so I think that's fair right you get
free content I tell you how to comply

free content I tell you how to comply

free content I tell you how to comply
for free you just gotta listen to me

for free you just gotta listen to me

for free you just gotta listen to me
blabber for a little while and make

blabber for a little while and make

blabber for a little while and make
really dumb jokes

really dumb jokes

really dumb jokes
I think it's a fair deal anyway

I think it's a fair deal anyway

I think it's a fair deal anyway
um who does this well

um who does this well

um who does this well
believe it or not lots of people all

believe it or not lots of people all

believe it or not lots of people all
right here's another great example okay

right here's another great example okay

right here's another great example okay
copiers right now you probably have a

copiers right now you probably have a

copiers right now you probably have a
copier out there somewhere in your

copier out there somewhere in your

copier out there somewhere in your
office or maybe many of them and yes we

office or maybe many of them and yes we

office or maybe many of them and yes we
all thought they were dead with Adobe

all thought they were dead with Adobe

all thought they were dead with Adobe
document Cloud but it turns out that

document Cloud but it turns out that

document Cloud but it turns out that
people are really really really really

people are really really really really

people are really really really really
really

really

really
hard to change and they love killing

hard to change and they love killing

hard to change and they love killing
trees

like

like

like
anyway look not gonna kid you we got

anyway look not gonna kid you we got

anyway look not gonna kid you we got
copiers here there's a copier 15 feet

copiers here there's a copier 15 feet

copiers here there's a copier 15 feet
from me and I love it that green button

from me and I love it that green button

from me and I love it that green button
is so satisfying when you push it and

is so satisfying when you push it and

is so satisfying when you push it and
and like the really big copiers the

and like the really big copiers the

and like the really big copiers the
expensive ones and they spell the paper

expensive ones and they spell the paper

expensive ones and they spell the paper
just boom copy copy copy copy copy copy

just boom copy copy copy copy copy copy

just boom copy copy copy copy copy copy
anyway uh so hey every time you

anyway uh so hey every time you

anyway uh so hey every time you
photocopy that cui filled purchase order

photocopy that cui filled purchase order

photocopy that cui filled purchase order
guess where it stays

guess where it stays

guess where it stays
oh yeah baby right on that cop here all

oh yeah baby right on that cop here all

oh yeah baby right on that cop here all
right on the hard drive in your copier

right on the hard drive in your copier

right on the hard drive in your copier
so uh there's a lot of different

so uh there's a lot of different

so uh there's a lot of different
examples of this but the bottom line is

examples of this but the bottom line is

examples of this but the bottom line is
you have to sanitize or wipe the data

you have to sanitize or wipe the data

you have to sanitize or wipe the data
before it ever ever leaves secure hands

before it ever ever leaves secure hands

before it ever ever leaves secure hands
in your facility so very important and

in your facility so very important and

in your facility so very important and
as much as I say and emphasize how

as much as I say and emphasize how

as much as I say and emphasize how
important it is the reality is it

important it is the reality is it

important it is the reality is it
happens by accident all the time so

happens by accident all the time so

happens by accident all the time so
let's see what the assessors are looking

let's see what the assessors are looking

let's see what the assessors are looking
for on this one uh what the assessors

for on this one uh what the assessors

for on this one uh what the assessors
are looking for is they want to

are looking for is they want to

are looking for is they want to
determine if equipment to be removed

determine if equipment to be removed

determine if equipment to be removed
from the organizational spaces uh for

from the organizational spaces uh for

from the organizational spaces uh for
off-site means is actually sanitized

off-site means is actually sanitized

off-site means is actually sanitized
many cui great place they might go look

many cui great place they might go look

many cui great place they might go look
is your it offices right do they have a

is your it offices right do they have a

is your it offices right do they have a
bunch of computers in there where the

bunch of computers in there where the

bunch of computers in there where the
hard drives are pulled out again you're

hard drives are pulled out again you're

hard drives are pulled out again you're
going to want to demonstrate this in

going to want to demonstrate this in

going to want to demonstrate this in
person if I was giving the answer I

person if I was giving the answer I

person if I was giving the answer I
would just say hey implemented see the

would just say hey implemented see the

would just say hey implemented see the
Data Destruction policy up in our case

Data Destruction policy up in our case

Data Destruction policy up in our case
we have an ability to have an actual

we have an ability to have an actual

we have an ability to have an actual
written policy for it so no big deal we

written policy for it so no big deal we

written policy for it so no big deal we
have a written policy and uh and we show

have a written policy and uh and we show

have a written policy and uh and we show
it to the assessor we welcome back to

it to the assessor we welcome back to

it to the assessor we welcome back to
the it office we go here you go here's

the it office we go here you go here's

the it office we go here you go here's
our pile full of junk and here's a stack

our pile full of junk and here's a stack

our pile full of junk and here's a stack
of hard drives that we have not had a

of hard drives that we have not had a

of hard drives that we have not had a
chance to sanitize yet they have not

chance to sanitize yet they have not

chance to sanitize yet they have not
left our secure facility and they're in

left our secure facility and they're in

left our secure facility and they're in
a locked it room boom

a locked it room boom

a locked it room boom
I wound up actually finishing that okay

I wound up actually finishing that okay

I wound up actually finishing that okay
that was all right that was a savable

that was all right that was a savable

that was all right that was a savable
one and just like you right you're

one and just like you right you're

one and just like you right you're
receivable too all right and on call we

receivable too all right and on call we

receivable too all right and on call we
work with defense contractors just like

work with defense contractors just like

work with defense contractors just like
you who've had this D fars nist itar and

you who've had this D fars nist itar and

you who've had this D fars nist itar and
cmmc compliant stuff dropped in their

cmmc compliant stuff dropped in their

cmmc compliant stuff dropped in their
laps like a seagull on a sunny day all

laps like a seagull on a sunny day all

laps like a seagull on a sunny day all
right and we teach you how to level up

right and we teach you how to level up

right and we teach you how to level up
and be a proper on-call compliance hero

and be a proper on-call compliance hero

and be a proper on-call compliance hero
for your company eliminated gaps gray

for your company eliminated gaps gray

for your company eliminated gaps gray
areas and getting this solved all while

areas and getting this solved all while

areas and getting this solved all while
showing you how to leverage compliance

showing you how to leverage compliance

showing you how to leverage compliance
is your secret weapon to land more

is your secret weapon to land more

is your secret weapon to land more
Defense work with higher profit margins

Defense work with higher profit margins

Defense work with higher profit margins
now that's what becoming an on-call

now that's what becoming an on-call

now that's what becoming an on-call
compliance hero can do for you if you're

compliance hero can do for you if you're

compliance hero can do for you if you're
looking for more help getting compliant

looking for more help getting compliant

looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on

our compliance experts are always on

our compliance experts are always on
call for you visit CMC

call for you visit CMC

call for you visit CMC
complianceecrets.com or check out the

complianceecrets.com or check out the

complianceecrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right

bio below for links to get help right

bio below for links to get help right
now not tomorrow because you're supposed

now not tomorrow because you're supposed

now not tomorrow because you're supposed
to be compliant back in 2017. you know

to be compliant back in 2017. you know

to be compliant back in 2017. you know
soon you ever seen like old people I

soon you ever seen like old people I

soon you ever seen like old people I
don't really mean old people I mean like

don't really mean old people I mean like

don't really mean old people I mean like
people in their like 50s and they're

people in their like 50s and they're

people in their like 50s and they're
going like 19 Diggity too like soon

going like 19 Diggity too like soon

going like 19 Diggity too like soon
we're gonna be like this compliance

we're gonna be like this compliance

we're gonna be like this compliance
thing was you should have been compliant

thing was you should have been compliant

thing was you should have been compliant
in 19 Diggity seven I think that's how

in 19 Diggity seven I think that's how

in 19 Diggity seven I think that's how
that works works I don't know if there's

that works works I don't know if there's

that works works I don't know if there's
like a technical way I'm supposed to say

like a technical way I'm supposed to say

like a technical way I'm supposed to say
2017 but be cool like I was from the 90s

2017 but be cool like I was from the 90s

2017 but be cool like I was from the 90s
comment below uh Hey if you love our

comment below uh Hey if you love our

comment below uh Hey if you love our
content we're putting out here for you

content we're putting out here for you

content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the

like button or even better smash the

like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest

Subscribe button to get the latest

Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our
complianceers roll it out until the next

complianceers roll it out until the next

complianceers roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the

secure out there and hit us in the

secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one
foreign

foreign

foreign

anyway