Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike Freer here with
on-call compliance Solutions I'm back
with my 100th video in a row with no
water break no I'm just kidding we're
back with another compliance tip of the
week kidding not kidding just call me
Kesha hey this week we're talking about
cmmc control AC dot
l2-3.1.22 control cui posted or
processed on publicly accessible systems

so hey if you're a defense contractor is
feeling overwhelmed tired and alone
trying to understand all this cmmc dfars
and nist sp80171 compliance stuff on top
of an already colossal workload well
I've got great news you've found your
home here in on-call compliance solution
where we can help you transform into
your company's on-call compliance Hero
Let's jump into it so in cmmccontrol

ac.l1-3.1.22 I was going to do a little
happy dance when I read these controls
they're so freaking long control cui
posted or processed on publicly
accessible systems well I don't know
about you guys but this one seems a
little obvious right
hey it is what it is right if you don't
put the control in place somebody will
do it so look don't go posting top
secret defense information out in public
duh but you'd think this should be very
obvious but let me tell you with
Facebook and Instagram out there people
just love to snap pictures of cool stuff
and post it and you have to have
policies and controls over that kind of
thing guys uh again it's like that is
actually one of the big primary reasons
that we have such a problem in this
country with information security is
because well people think it's cool and
they don't really take information
security seriously the next thing you
know you got like blueprints and stuff
showing up on the Internet because
somebody thought it was cool to post on
Instagram yuck true story this control
goes even deeper and requires that there
basically be a policy in place declaring
who's authorized to post and potentially
even have a review process if you're
going to post things publicly between
giving references and wanting to
Showcase your best work online it's just
not as unusual as you would think right
I mean think about a contractor they
come in you got this cool piece of
Defense something or other and they're
like dude check out what I just worked
on they posted up their Instagram page
and Harry the plumber I don't know why
plumbers are always called Harry but
Harry the plumber posted up on his
Instagram page and who do you think
scanning for that kind of stuff the
Chinese
you know
it just is what it is yeah it is what it
is don't do it but more importantly
train your staff not to do it so let's
check out what the assessors are looking
for and how to make them happy on this
one now there's a lot of assessment
points there so I'm gonna break out my
Sesame Street skills we're going to
count to five
number one determine if individuals
authorized to post or process
information on publicly accessible
systems are identified so have you
identified who's allowed to post cui
publicly
now I'm going to give a sample answer
but it may not be your sample answer so
I'm going to give you a sample answer
you know that we might put down because
this is the way we operate I would say
hey look posting a cui on publicly
accessible systems is expressly
prohibited by the itus and cyber
security policy literally not allowed
every employee gets trained on it
they're terminated if they do it not
allowed don't do it do not pass go no
200 for you okay that's our policy and
that's a legitimate answer I break out
the policy I show it to an assessor and
you're out of hot water now assessment
Point number two determinive procedures
to ensure Cy is not posted or processed
on public accessible systems are
identified have you actually identified
the procedures so the first assessment
point was the individuals now the
procedures to ensure that cui is not
posted or processed well that's an
interesting one right because our answer
is still hey look go to the itu cyber
security policy we disallow it
completely okay it's not this not
applicable it's that we have an active
policy saying don't do that now out some
companies aren't like that you may have
a public intranet that you can get to on
the internet all right you may have some
examples that have been cleared by DOD
to show on your website as proof of past
performance those are all very
legitimate reasons but you've got to
have a procedure if you're going to
allow this stuff to be processed uh uh
or posted publicly so now you've got to
have a written procedure for how it gets
cleared to be posted publicly
assession Point number three determine
if a review process is in place prior to
posting of any content to publicly
accessible systems again same answer for
us but for you you may need a review
process they basically mandate that you
have some layers here so again you'd
have to have a written review process
for clearing that information to
actually show up online in Publications
and marketing materials wherever it may
be all right fourth assessment Point
determine if content on publicly
accessible systems is reviewed to ensure
that it does not include cui okay so
again the third point was review the
process
that's in place prior to posting so
before you post then you've got to have
another Pro part of your process to
review whatever that information is
specifically for cui to make sure that
that doesn't make it out there so great
example is this in our company we have a
marketing department in the marketing
department we have a senior compliance
officer who reviews all marketing before
it goes out into the public like this
video I feel I feel bad for that guy
because he's got to watch my face like a
lot and
I mean look it's not the worst looking
thing you ever saw but who wants to
stare at this all day long you know
you're I bet you know what I bet you're
on headphones right now you're probably
on the treadmill you know who I'm
talking to all right determine no point
number five determine if mechanisms are
in place to remove and address improper
posting of cui who wouldn't want to look
at my family I mean to be honest like
it's not that bad looking of a face a
little bit lopsided but it's not that
bad it gets the job done that's what I
like to say all right determinive
mechanisms are in place to remove and
address improper posting of cui posting
of cui and publicly accessible systems
expressly prohibited all right so we
prohibited
but now you got to look at the
mechanisms how is it getting posted all
right do we have like an automated
posting thing that I don't know maybe
scrapes some of our stuff and could
possibly uh you know give away to you I
don't know this one's a little bit of a
stretch to be honest with you but again
the idea is is there a mechanism in
place our mechanism is our policy that
just simply disallows it as a policy
right that's our mechanism but again
remember cmmc assessors have to look at
mechanisms and determine if in fact
there is something in place that would
remove and address improper posting of
cui so again we have a Content Review
Committee at our company that's because
we Market a lot and again they review
the stuff uh even things that have
already been posted to make sure there
is no cui that could possibly be you
know put in there
so
just in case you didn't know this at
on-call
we work with defense contractors just
like you who have had this defars nist
itar and cmmc compliance stuff dropped
into their laps like a seagull on a
sunny day all right we teach you how to
level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins that's what we're
all about that's what becoming an
on-call compliance hero can do for you
my heroes my people all right if you're
looking for more help getting compliant
our compliance experts are always on
call for you you can visit cmmc
compliancecrements.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content they're
putting out there for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on like button or
even better smash the Subscribe button
to get the latest compliance content as
soon as your as our compliance starts
roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one
foreign

anyway