Kind: captions
Language: en

ah hey everybody it's Mike Frieda with
on-call compliance Solutions and I'm
back with another compliance tip of the
week this week we're talking about cmfc
control mp.lt

access to cui on system media to
authorize users
duh

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist SP 800 171
compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you found your home here at
on-call compliance solution where we can
help you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero let's jump into
it all right here we go so this control
is fairly obvious but then again as per
usual you never really can't be too
careful this nist control essentially
Works in sequence to paint a picture of
exactly how a secure system should be
built and of course one of those
building blocks is the necessity to not
allow access to cui to anyone who is not
authorized user and again if I'm reading
this I'm kind of like duh don't let
people have access to what they should
have access to and then I go around to
our client networks and it's like oh
boom everything's wide open Erb not good
not acceptable for uh for cui so look
this extends Beyond I.T and covers all
system media which may include
whiteboards paper and of course digital
even physical cuis such as identifiable
defense products would be included here
so there is some serious thought that
needs to go into this okay if you can
walk around your office and figure out
what projects people are working on you
may want to decide are the people who
are able to walk around your office that
all of them need to know what's going on
because in most cases it's probably not
so let's see what the assessors are
looking for on this one
uh one thing they're looking for only
one determine if access to cui on system
media is limited to authorized users uh
this is a pretty easy one to implement
right Implement via active directory
organizational units uh specifically for
users authorized to access UI and Airgas
DeForest compliant cui handling secure
systems file permissions are another way
to do it lots and lots and lots of ways
to segregate that information and make
sure that unauthorized users don't have
access to it
so hey and on call we work with defense
contractors who just like you have had
this d-farms nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped into their laps
like I see you on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon it's land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
cmmc compliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content that
we're putting out here for you help us
out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash that
subscribe button alright really makes us
happy when you do that and of course
most importantly leave a comment below
let us know what you would like to know
more about when it comes to information
security and compliance I'll see you on
the next one
foreign