Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with Hong Kong compliance Solutions and

with Hong Kong compliance Solutions and

with Hong Kong compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

cmmccontrol

cmmccontrol
ac.l2-3.1.13 employee cryptographic

ac.l2-3.1.13 employee cryptographic

ac.l2-3.1.13 employee cryptographic
mechanisms to protect the

mechanisms to protect the

mechanisms to protect the
confidentiality of remote access

confidentiality of remote access

confidentiality of remote access
sessions I don't know maybe they use

sessions I don't know maybe they use

sessions I don't know maybe they use
some cryptography to come up with these

some cryptography to come up with these

some cryptography to come up with these
control numbers because they sure are

control numbers because they sure are

control numbers because they sure are
complicated let's get into it

complicated let's get into it

complicated let's get into it

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all of this

alone trying to understand all of this

alone trying to understand all of this
cmmc dfars and nist sp-800 171 compliant

cmmc dfars and nist sp-800 171 compliant

cmmc dfars and nist sp-800 171 compliant
stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got some great news

workload well I've got some great news

workload well I've got some great news
for you you've found your home here at

for you you've found your home here at

for you you've found your home here at
on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we

on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance hero so in

company's on-call compliance hero so in

company's on-call compliance hero so in
cmmc control AC dot

cmmc control AC dot

cmmc control AC dot
l2-3.1.13 I feel like I could wrap that

l2-3.1.13 I feel like I could wrap that

l2-3.1.13 I feel like I could wrap that
employ cry cryptographic mechanisms to

employ cry cryptographic mechanisms to

employ cry cryptographic mechanisms to
protect the confidentiality remotes

protect the confidentiality remotes

protect the confidentiality remotes
access sessions what we are doing is

access sessions what we are doing is

access sessions what we are doing is
making sure that any kind of remote

making sure that any kind of remote

making sure that any kind of remote
access session is protected from attacks

access session is protected from attacks

access session is protected from attacks
like packet sniffing attacks okay if

like packet sniffing attacks okay if

like packet sniffing attacks okay if
you're not familiar with what that means

you're not familiar with what that means

you're not familiar with what that means
there are programs out there that can

there are programs out there that can

there are programs out there that can
essentially listen to Network traffic

essentially listen to Network traffic

essentially listen to Network traffic
and put it back together and decode it

and put it back together and decode it

and put it back together and decode it
just by being on the same network as you

just by being on the same network as you

just by being on the same network as you
are what can be sniffed in that session

are what can be sniffed in that session

are what can be sniffed in that session
well when if traffic isn't encrypted

well when if traffic isn't encrypted

well when if traffic isn't encrypted
basically anything if it's encrypted

basically anything if it's encrypted

basically anything if it's encrypted
you're good to go usually obviously

you're good to go usually obviously

you're good to go usually obviously
that's not acceptable when we were

that's not acceptable when we were

that's not acceptable when we were
talking about defense related

talking about defense related

talking about defense related
information in cui and of course

information in cui and of course

information in cui and of course
passwords into your system none of which

passwords into your system none of which

passwords into your system none of which
should be set via clear text they should

should be set via clear text they should

should be set via clear text they should
all be encrypted now if I'm an assessor

all be encrypted now if I'm an assessor

all be encrypted now if I'm an assessor
there are two assessment points on this

there are two assessment points on this

there are two assessment points on this
control that I'm looking for number one

control that I'm looking for number one

control that I'm looking for number one
I'm looking to determine if

I'm looking to determine if

I'm looking to determine if
cryptographic mechanisms to protect the

cryptographic mechanisms to protect the

cryptographic mechanisms to protect the
confidentiality of remote access

confidentiality of remote access

confidentiality of remote access
sessions are identified so again have I

sessions are identified so again have I

sessions are identified so again have I
identified what kind of encryption is in

identified what kind of encryption is in

identified what kind of encryption is in
play here if I was going to give an

play here if I was going to give an

play here if I was going to give an
example we'll throw out an example like

example we'll throw out an example like

example we'll throw out an example like
this cryptographic mechanisms include

this cryptographic mechanisms include

this cryptographic mechanisms include
256-bit AES fips 140-2 compliant

256-bit AES fips 140-2 compliant

256-bit AES fips 140-2 compliant
encryption required on the VPN

encryption required on the VPN

encryption required on the VPN
connection right because that's where

connection right because that's where

connection right because that's where
we're going to protect it is the VPN

we're going to protect it is the VPN

we're going to protect it is the VPN
connection defining and documenting

connection defining and documenting

connection defining and documenting
right

right

right
now second assessment Point determine if

now second assessment Point determine if

now second assessment Point determine if
cryptographic mechanisms to protect the

cryptographic mechanisms to protect the

cryptographic mechanisms to protect the
confidentiality of remote access

confidentiality of remote access

confidentiality of remote access
sessions are implemented and of course

sessions are implemented and of course

sessions are implemented and of course
simplest answer is well yes of course

simplest answer is well yes of course

simplest answer is well yes of course
they are they're implemented via the

they are they're implemented via the

they are they're implemented via the
firewall settings and you can just log

firewall settings and you can just log

firewall settings and you can just log
in the firewall settings do a little

in the firewall settings do a little

in the firewall settings do a little
shoulder surfing a little screen sharing

shoulder surfing a little screen sharing

shoulder surfing a little screen sharing
a little

a little

a little
show and tell and see that it's

show and tell and see that it's

show and tell and see that it's
implemented right there in the settings

implemented right there in the settings

implemented right there in the settings
now and on call we work with defense

now and on call we work with defense

now and on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc

this defars nist itar and cmmc

this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seal on a sunny day baby and we

like a seal on a sunny day baby and we

like a seal on a sunny day baby and we
teach you how to level up and be a

teach you how to level up and be a

teach you how to level up and be a
proper on-call compliance hero for your

proper on-call compliance hero for your

proper on-call compliance hero for your
company eliminating gaps great areas and

company eliminating gaps great areas and

company eliminating gaps great areas and
getting this solved all while showing

getting this solved all while showing

getting this solved all while showing
you how to leverage compliance as your

you how to leverage compliance as your

you how to leverage compliance as your
secret weapon to land more Defense work

secret weapon to land more Defense work

secret weapon to land more Defense work
with higher profit margins that's what I

with higher profit margins that's what I

with higher profit margins that's what I
get excited about I hope you do too

get excited about I hope you do too

get excited about I hope you do too
that's what becoming an on-call

that's what becoming an on-call

that's what becoming an on-call
compliance here on working with us can

compliance here on working with us can

compliance here on working with us can
do for you if you're looking for more

do for you if you're looking for more

do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance

help getting compliant our compliance

help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit

experts are always on call for you visit

experts are always on call for you visit
cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out

cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out

cmmccompliance secrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help

the bio below for links to get help
right now

right now

right now
just do it right now just like scroll

just do it right now just like scroll

just do it right now just like scroll
down right hit the little down arrow

down right hit the little down arrow

down right hit the little down arrow
thing there and there's our link you can

thing there and there's our link you can

thing there and there's our link you can
click that and you're like one step

click that and you're like one step

click that and you're like one step
closer to getting help if you love the

closer to getting help if you love the

closer to getting help if you love the
content we're putting out here for you

content we're putting out here for you

content we're putting out here for you
help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash the

like button or even better smash the

like button or even better smash the
Subscribe button to get the latest

Subscribe button to get the latest

Subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until next

compliances roll it out until next

compliances roll it out until next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there hit us in the comments

secure out there hit us in the comments

secure out there hit us in the comments
below to let us know what you'd like to

below to let us know what you'd like to

below to let us know what you'd like to
know more about when it comes to

know more about when it comes to

know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one
thank you

foreign

foreign

foreign