Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back I bet you didn't think I'd be
back but I'm here with another
compliance tip of the week this week
we're talking about cmmc control
ac.l2-3.1.8 those nist it'll be just
1.1.8 but it's cmmc so it's ac.l
2-3.1.8 there limit unsuccessful logon
attempts let's get into it

okay
so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliant stuff
on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you
found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's
on-call compliance hero
and even though I just said let's get
into it let's get into it again because
jumping in with both feet is exactly
what we got to do all right so now we
get into some of the first controls with
cmfc that are directly addressing
policies and procedures which must be
implemented in order to achieve the
minimum security Baseline they're
looking for the goal of cmfc control
ac.l2-3.1.8 is limit unsuccessful logout
attempts is to force you into making
sure that there's a group policy in
place or some policy in place to force a
limit on unsuccessful logons
and ultimately stop Brute Force attacks
that is when an attacker begins trying
millions of passwords to try to randomly
figure out what will work and as you may
or may not know automated Brute Force
attacks are one of the most common and
successful hacks out there and when you
give an enemy millions of chances to
attack you without locking them out
they're gonna get in eventually
guaranteed
now if I if I was assessing this control
all right if I was your assessor if I
was your father Luke I am your father
I would say hey two things I gotta find
out one determine if the means of
limiting unsuccessful logon attempts is
defined so if I was going to answer that
all right I'd say this is defined within
Group Policy right there's a limit of
five unsuccessful logons before the
account is locked out boom there's your
documentation that's how we determine it
there's a group policy there now
assessment Point number two determine if
the defined means of limiting
unsuccessful logon attempts is
implemented well is the policy enabled
and maybe would answer it by saying
implemented via the group policy right
see the network documentation to see
that that policy is enabled and linked
and with that if you don't know anything
about group policy or you're trying to
figure this out or honestly you're just
tired of doing this stuff and you wish
someone would just do it for you the
good news is that on call that's exactly
what we do we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had
this dfar's nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropped into their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you if you're looking for more
help getting compliant our compliance
experts are always on call for you visit
CMC complianceecrets.com or check out
the bio below for links to get help
right now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us with a
big thumbs up on that like button or
even better smash the Subscribe button
to get the latest compliance content as
soon as we roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friend stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance I'll
see you on the next one
foreign