Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back I bet you never thought I'd be

I'm back I bet you never thought I'd be

I'm back I bet you never thought I'd be
back right and I'm here with a

back right and I'm here with a

back right and I'm here with a
compliance tip of the week because

compliance tip of the week because

compliance tip of the week because
that's all I really bring you even when

that's all I really bring you even when

that's all I really bring you even when
we shoot these daily or hourly or

we shoot these daily or hourly or

we shoot these daily or hourly or
monthly anyway either way it's

monthly anyway either way it's

monthly anyway either way it's
compliance tip of the week guess what

compliance tip of the week guess what

compliance tip of the week guess what
we're talking about this week I bet you

we're talking about this week I bet you

we're talking about this week I bet you
wouldn't guess from the description this

wouldn't guess from the description this

wouldn't guess from the description this
video it's cmmc control ac.l2-3.1.6

I know it's pretty easy to guess it was

I know it's pretty easy to guess it was

I know it's pretty easy to guess it was
it's right there in that description

it's right there in that description

it's right there in that description
there anyway use non-privileged accounts

there anyway use non-privileged accounts

there anyway use non-privileged accounts
or roles when accessing non-security

or roles when accessing non-security

or roles when accessing non-security
functions

functions

functions

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone

alone

alone
I'm sorry for you trying to understand

I'm sorry for you trying to understand

I'm sorry for you trying to understand
all this tmmc dfars and this SP 10171

all this tmmc dfars and this SP 10171

all this tmmc dfars and this SP 10171
compliance stuff on top of an already

compliance stuff on top of an already

compliance stuff on top of an already
colossal workload well I've got great

colossal workload well I've got great

colossal workload well I've got great
news for you you've found your home here

news for you you've found your home here

news for you you've found your home here
at on-call compliance Solutions where we

at on-call compliance Solutions where we

at on-call compliance Solutions where we
can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your

can help you transform into your
company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's

company's on-call compliance Hero Let's
jump into it here's a riddle if a bad

jump into it here's a riddle if a bad

jump into it here's a riddle if a bad
guy has a key to your house and you're

guy has a key to your house and you're

guy has a key to your house and you're
not around how would you know he was in

not around how would you know he was in

not around how would you know he was in
there lurking around

well the goal with cmmc control

well the goal with cmmc control

well the goal with cmmc control
ac.l2-3.1.6 use non-privileged accounts

ac.l2-3.1.6 use non-privileged accounts

ac.l2-3.1.6 use non-privileged accounts
or roles when accessing non-security

or roles when accessing non-security

or roles when accessing non-security
functions is to make sure that in the

functions is to make sure that in the

functions is to make sure that in the
event that a system is compromised all

event that a system is compromised all

event that a system is compromised all
right it would be easier to identify a

right it would be easier to identify a

right it would be easier to identify a
bad actor if security privileged

bad actor if security privileged

bad actor if security privileged
accounts are only used for specific

accounts are only used for specific

accounts are only used for specific
tasks revealing the potential Intruder

tasks revealing the potential Intruder

tasks revealing the potential Intruder
when those rarely used accounts are all

when those rarely used accounts are all

when those rarely used accounts are all
of a sudden used in an unusual or

of a sudden used in an unusual or

of a sudden used in an unusual or
unauthorized way now this is actually

unauthorized way now this is actually

unauthorized way now this is actually
really smart I got to tell you I've been

really smart I got to tell you I've been

really smart I got to tell you I've been
doing cyber security for 20 plus years

doing cyber security for 20 plus years

doing cyber security for 20 plus years
and this is one of those controls when I

and this is one of those controls when I

and this is one of those controls when I
really understood what was behind it I

really understood what was behind it I

really understood what was behind it I
thought to myself that's pretty crazy

thought to myself that's pretty crazy

thought to myself that's pretty crazy
later this will make more sense right as

later this will make more sense right as

later this will make more sense right as
we get deeper in the controls we start

we get deeper in the controls we start

we get deeper in the controls we start
talking about security information event

talking about security information event

talking about security information event
management systems they'll they will

management systems they'll they will

management systems they'll they will
actually detect anomalous activities so

actually detect anomalous activities so

actually detect anomalous activities so
in other words activity that is unusual

in other words activity that is unusual

in other words activity that is unusual
it's way easier to detect unusual

it's way easier to detect unusual

it's way easier to detect unusual
activity if there's a specific account

activity if there's a specific account

activity if there's a specific account
you should be watching for like those

you should be watching for like those

you should be watching for like those
that are privileged accounts

that are privileged accounts

that are privileged accounts
so as an example if an I.T person does

so as an example if an I.T person does

so as an example if an I.T person does
their day-to-day work in a standard user

their day-to-day work in a standard user

their day-to-day work in a standard user
account and only uses a security

account and only uses a security

account and only uses a security
privilege to have an account for admin

privilege to have an account for admin

privilege to have an account for admin
tasks it'll be much easier to spot

tasks it'll be much easier to spot

tasks it'll be much easier to spot
malicious actions in system logs and

malicious actions in system logs and

malicious actions in system logs and
alert from administrative users who are

alert from administrative users who are

alert from administrative users who are
not normally conducting those activities

not normally conducting those activities

not normally conducting those activities
it's a great way to expose information

it's a great way to expose information

it's a great way to expose information
to less risk and spot problems much

to less risk and spot problems much

to less risk and spot problems much
faster in addition the control also

faster in addition the control also

faster in addition the control also
demands you identify security privileged

demands you identify security privileged

demands you identify security privileged
accounts and events presumably so they

accounts and events presumably so they

accounts and events presumably so they
can be more easily identifiable when not

can be more easily identifiable when not

can be more easily identifiable when not
authorized now there are two points that

authorized now there are two points that

authorized now there are two points that
I would look for if I was assessing this

I would look for if I was assessing this

I would look for if I was assessing this
okay Point number one I would say hey

okay Point number one I would say hey

okay Point number one I would say hey
determine if non-security functions are

determine if non-security functions are

determine if non-security functions are
identified

identified

identified
well are they non-security functions are

well are they non-security functions are

well are they non-security functions are
identified via Group Policy there's your

identified via Group Policy there's your

identified via Group Policy there's your
hint and individual system access

hint and individual system access

hint and individual system access
restrictions right because again we can

restrictions right because again we can

restrictions right because again we can
determine if non-security functions are

determine if non-security functions are

determine if non-security functions are
identified if you're not allowed to do

identified if you're not allowed to do

identified if you're not allowed to do
them right like if you are not an

them right like if you are not an

them right like if you are not an
administrator in QuickBooks and you're

administrator in QuickBooks and you're

administrator in QuickBooks and you're
only a standard user and you can only

only a standard user and you can only

only a standard user and you can only
access certain records well then that's

access certain records well then that's

access certain records well then that's
defined as those records you can't find

defined as those records you can't find

defined as those records you can't find
right maybe not the best example but you

right maybe not the best example but you

right maybe not the best example but you
kind of get the point

kind of get the point

kind of get the point
now the second point of assessment is

now the second point of assessment is

now the second point of assessment is
determine if users are required to use

determine if users are required to use

determine if users are required to use
non-privileged accounts or roles when

non-privileged accounts or roles when

non-privileged accounts or roles when
accessing non-security functions hey

accessing non-security functions hey

accessing non-security functions hey
it's probably a test they're probably

it's probably a test they're probably

it's probably a test they're probably
going to want a demonstration hey if

going to want a demonstration hey if

going to want a demonstration hey if
you're a standard user can you go

you're a standard user can you go

you're a standard user can you go
install software no you get an access

install software no you get an access

install software no you get an access
denied hopefully uh if we were to write

denied hopefully uh if we were to write

denied hopefully uh if we were to write
down an answer maybe we would write down

down an answer maybe we would write down

down an answer maybe we would write down
something like all privileged account

something like all privileged account

something like all privileged account
holders also have non-published accounts

holders also have non-published accounts

holders also have non-published accounts
for non-privileged functions and

for non-privileged functions and

for non-privileged functions and
activities which they are required to

activities which they are required to

activities which they are required to
use when not performing privileged

use when not performing privileged

use when not performing privileged
functions determination and audit of

functions determination and audit of

functions determination and audit of
this use is performed via the same

this use is performed via the same

this use is performed via the same
system if you don't know what a seam

system if you don't know what a seam

system if you don't know what a seam
system is I got about 100 videos that

system is I got about 100 videos that

system is I got about 100 videos that
you haven't watched yet all right but

you haven't watched yet all right but

you haven't watched yet all right but
it's called a security information event

it's called a security information event

it's called a security information event
management system and essentially it's

management system and essentially it's

management system and essentially it's
the system that watches over your house

the system that watches over your house

the system that watches over your house
when you're not at home okay now if

when you're not at home okay now if

when you're not at home okay now if
you're still scratching your head and

you're still scratching your head and

you're still scratching your head and
you're like I don't get it this is

you're like I don't get it this is

you're like I don't get it this is
intense no way am I gonna be able to

intense no way am I gonna be able to

intense no way am I gonna be able to
come up with another 109 controls with

come up with another 109 controls with

come up with another 109 controls with
the answers or you have no idea how to

the answers or you have no idea how to

the answers or you have no idea how to
write the policies you need help with

write the policies you need help with

write the policies you need help with
the policies guess what the good news is

the policies guess what the good news is

the policies guess what the good news is
at on-call we work with defense

at on-call we work with defense

at on-call we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had

contractors just like you who've had

contractors just like you who've had
this defars nist itar and cmmc

this defars nist itar and cmmc

this defars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a single on a Sunday we teach you

like a single on a Sunday we teach you

like a single on a Sunday we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call

how to level up and be a proper on-call

how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company and let

compliance hero for your company and let

compliance hero for your company and let
me in gaps gray areas and getting this

me in gaps gray areas and getting this

me in gaps gray areas and getting this
solved all while showing you how to

solved all while showing you how to

solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret

leverage compliance as your secret

leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work and who

weapon to land more Defense work and who

weapon to land more Defense work and who
doesn't want more Defense work who

doesn't want more Defense work who

doesn't want more Defense work who
doesn't want to get paid baby with

doesn't want to get paid baby with

doesn't want to get paid baby with
higher profit margins now that's

higher profit margins now that's

higher profit margins now that's
becoming an all-in-call compliance here

becoming an all-in-call compliance here

becoming an all-in-call compliance here
and that's what I can do for you all

and that's what I can do for you all

and that's what I can do for you all
right if you're looking for more help

right if you're looking for more help

right if you're looking for more help
getting compliant our compliance experts

getting compliant our compliance experts

getting compliant our compliance experts
are always on call for you visit cmfc

are always on call for you visit cmfc

are always on call for you visit cmfc
compliance secrets.com or check out the

compliance secrets.com or check out the

compliance secrets.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right

bio below for links to get help right

bio below for links to get help right
now

now

now
if you love the content we're putting

if you love the content we're putting

if you love the content we're putting
out here for you or just my bad jokes

out here for you or just my bad jokes

out here for you or just my bad jokes
help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that

help us out with a big thumbs up on that
like button or even better smash that

like button or even better smash that

like button or even better smash that
subscribe button to get the latest

subscribe button to get the latest

subscribe button to get the latest
compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our
compliances roll it out until the next

compliances roll it out until the next

compliances roll it out until the next
compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and

compliance tip my friends stay safe and
secure out there and hit us in the

secure out there and hit us in the

secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one