Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week and a whole lot more fumbles to

the week and a whole lot more fumbles to

the week and a whole lot more fumbles to
come your way uh this week we're talking

come your way uh this week we're talking

come your way uh this week we're talking
about cmmc control cm.l

about cmmc control cm.l

about cmmc control cm.l
2-3.4.6 and play the principle of least

2-3.4.6 and play the principle of least

2-3.4.6 and play the principle of least
functionality by configuring

functionality by configuring

functionality by configuring
organizational systems to provide only

organizational systems to provide only

organizational systems to provide only
essential capabilities

essential capabilities

essential capabilities

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc

alone trying to understand all this cmmc
dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff

dfars and nist SP 10171 compliance stuff
on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload

on top of an already colossal workload
well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you

well I've got great news for you you
found your home here in on-call

found your home here in on-call

found your home here in on-call
compliance solution where we can help

compliance solution where we can help

compliance solution where we can help
you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so

it so

it so
in cmmc control cm.l

in cmmc control cm.l

in cmmc control cm.l
2-3.4.6 employ the principle of least

2-3.4.6 employ the principle of least

2-3.4.6 employ the principle of least
functionality by configuring

functionality by configuring

functionality by configuring
organizational systems to provide only

organizational systems to provide only

organizational systems to provide only
essential capabilities I have to say

essential capabilities I have to say

essential capabilities I have to say
this is actually a really important

this is actually a really important

this is actually a really important
control so I know I make a lot of jokes

control so I know I make a lot of jokes

control so I know I make a lot of jokes
my videos all right and we'd like to

my videos all right and we'd like to

my videos all right and we'd like to
have a lot of fun around here but

have a lot of fun around here but

have a lot of fun around here but
seriously

seriously

seriously
that's right uh this one is actually

that's right uh this one is actually

that's right uh this one is actually
serious so again uh only let your users

serious so again uh only let your users

serious so again uh only let your users
do what they need to be able to do in

do what they need to be able to do in

do what they need to be able to do in
order to do their job that's a lot of

order to do their job that's a lot of

order to do their job that's a lot of
doing but in all seriousness people

doing but in all seriousness people

doing but in all seriousness people
should not be able to do things that

should not be able to do things that

should not be able to do things that
they're not authorized to do in your

they're not authorized to do in your

they're not authorized to do in your
system all right it's very very

system all right it's very very

system all right it's very very
important control don't give people more

important control don't give people more

important control don't give people more
access than they need to have okay uh it

access than they need to have okay uh it

access than they need to have okay uh it
gets them into trouble it gets you into

gets them into trouble it gets you into

gets them into trouble it gets you into
trouble uh just ask the people at the

trouble uh just ask the people at the

trouble uh just ask the people at the
Pentagon I mean like not to make a joke

Pentagon I mean like not to make a joke

Pentagon I mean like not to make a joke
about it but like what are people doing

about it but like what are people doing

about it but like what are people doing
with access to hundreds of thousands of

with access to hundreds of thousands of

with access to hundreds of thousands of
classified documents all right don't

classified documents all right don't

classified documents all right don't
give me access there's the control

give me access there's the control

give me access there's the control
you're required right here in the law to

you're required right here in the law to

you're required right here in the law to
do that so look people should only have

do that so look people should only have

do that so look people should only have
access to what they actually need to

access to what they actually need to

access to what they actually need to
work on currently in their jobs all

work on currently in their jobs all

work on currently in their jobs all
right the principle of making sure that

right the principle of making sure that

right the principle of making sure that
team members only have access to what

team members only have access to what

team members only have access to what
they need to perform their currently

they need to perform their currently

they need to perform their currently
assigned job duties and keeping that

assigned job duties and keeping that

assigned job duties and keeping that
access relevant and up to date is so

access relevant and up to date is so

access relevant and up to date is so
important when it comes to information

important when it comes to information

important when it comes to information
security and so under and it's so

security and so under and it's so

security and so under and it's so
understated too you know again like I

understated too you know again like I

understated too you know again like I
get it I.T guys you know just keeping

get it I.T guys you know just keeping

get it I.T guys you know just keeping
the system up and running is a lot of

the system up and running is a lot of

the system up and running is a lot of
work but man if you if you've got more

work but man if you if you've got more

work but man if you if you've got more
than like 20 30 users on you've got to

than like 20 30 users on you've got to

than like 20 30 users on you've got to
look at like that like I'll tell you

look at like that like I'll tell you

look at like that like I'll tell you
like in our company when we got past 12

like in our company when we got past 12

like in our company when we got past 12
we're like hey the marketing people no

we're like hey the marketing people no

we're like hey the marketing people no
offense guys shouldn't really have

offense guys shouldn't really have

offense guys shouldn't really have
access to like all kinds of really

access to like all kinds of really

access to like all kinds of really
important stuff about how we operate

important stuff about how we operate

important stuff about how we operate
like they should have access to

like they should have access to

like they should have access to
marketing stuff all right and that's at

marketing stuff all right and that's at

marketing stuff all right and that's at
12 people I walk into companies all the

12 people I walk into companies all the

12 people I walk into companies all the
time with hundreds of employees who

time with hundreds of employees who

time with hundreds of employees who
literally have access to everything even

literally have access to everything even

literally have access to everything even
the CEO stuff it's just sitting there

the CEO stuff it's just sitting there

the CEO stuff it's just sitting there
okay so again yes I know it's time

okay so again yes I know it's time

okay so again yes I know it's time
consuming to go peel back permissions

consuming to go peel back permissions

consuming to go peel back permissions
especially in large networks but here's

especially in large networks but here's

especially in large networks but here's
what's going to happen if you don't

what's going to happen if you don't

what's going to happen if you don't
someone's going to get permission of

someone's going to get permission of

someone's going to get permission of
stuff they shouldn't have and then

stuff they shouldn't have and then

stuff they shouldn't have and then
they're going to your competitor so

they're going to your competitor so

they're going to your competitor so
which one do you want yuck all right and

which one do you want yuck all right and

which one do you want yuck all right and
on call it's one of our top priorities

on call it's one of our top priorities

on call it's one of our top priorities
with our clients to really lock down

with our clients to really lock down

with our clients to really lock down
systems

systems

systems
to only what is needed for everyone okay

to only what is needed for everyone okay

to only what is needed for everyone okay
so again if you've got job a you should

so again if you've got job a you should

so again if you've got job a you should
only have access to what's needed to do

only have access to what's needed to do

only have access to what's needed to do
job a much better that way now let's

job a much better that way now let's

job a much better that way now let's
check out what this what the assessors

check out what this what the assessors

check out what this what the assessors
are looking for on this one how to make

are looking for on this one how to make

are looking for on this one how to make
them happy

them happy

them happy
first they're looking to determine if

first they're looking to determine if

first they're looking to determine if
essential system capabilities are

essential system capabilities are

essential system capabilities are
defined based on the principle of least

defined based on the principle of least

defined based on the principle of least
functionality so number one is have you

functionality so number one is have you

functionality so number one is have you
defined your system capabilities based

defined your system capabilities based

defined your system capabilities based
on what it is that person needs to be

on what it is that person needs to be

on what it is that person needs to be
doing so lots and lots of ways to do

doing so lots and lots of ways to do

doing so lots and lots of ways to do
this you can do it with organizational

this you can do it with organizational

this you can do it with organizational
units you can do it with security groups

units you can do it with security groups

units you can do it with security groups
you can do it with completely separate

you can do it with completely separate

you can do it with completely separate
systems here's a great example if you

systems here's a great example if you

systems here's a great example if you
run a security information event

run a security information event

run a security information event
management system which of course you do

management system which of course you do

management system which of course you do
because you're compliant right

because you're compliant right

because you're compliant right
and if not you're going to call us right

and if not you're going to call us right

and if not you're going to call us right
exactly uh not everybody needs an

exactly uh not everybody needs an

exactly uh not everybody needs an
account there all right only the people

account there all right only the people

account there all right only the people
who actually need to access that system

who actually need to access that system

who actually need to access that system
to do their job should have access that

to do their job should have access that

to do their job should have access that
system if I was given a sample answer

system if I was given a sample answer

system if I was given a sample answer
I'd say something to the extent of look

I'd say something to the extent of look

I'd say something to the extent of look
authorized users are only granted the

authorized users are only granted the

authorized users are only granted the
access and capabilities required to

access and capabilities required to

access and capabilities required to
complete currently assign job duties

complete currently assign job duties

complete currently assign job duties
based on the principle of lease

based on the principle of lease

based on the principle of lease
functionality authorized users are

functionality authorized users are

functionality authorized users are
restricted via permissions Group Policy

restricted via permissions Group Policy

restricted via permissions Group Policy
system access controls from any

system access controls from any

system access controls from any
capabilities not authorized by the

capabilities not authorized by the

capabilities not authorized by the
information owner in the it ticketing

information owner in the it ticketing

information owner in the it ticketing
request system access be granted uh from

request system access be granted uh from

request system access be granted uh from
whoever the information owner is so

whoever the information owner is so

whoever the information owner is so
again the idea is the information owner

again the idea is the information owner

again the idea is the information owner
makes the request the IT team executes

makes the request the IT team executes

makes the request the IT team executes
everything's documented a ticket and

everything's documented a ticket and

everything's documented a ticket and
then someone can finally be let in to

then someone can finally be let in to

then someone can finally be let in to
access what they need to

access what they need to

access what they need to
all right second assessment Point

all right second assessment Point

all right second assessment Point
determine if the system is configured to

determine if the system is configured to

determine if the system is configured to
provide only the defined essential

provide only the defined essential

provide only the defined essential
capabilities uh the system is tested on

capabilities uh the system is tested on

capabilities uh the system is tested on
a daily basis by both users and it

a daily basis by both users and it

a daily basis by both users and it
administrators to ensure that only

administrators to ensure that only

administrators to ensure that only
essential capabilities exist for all

essential capabilities exist for all

essential capabilities exist for all
users as a part of daily operations the

users as a part of daily operations the

users as a part of daily operations the
itus and cyber security policy requires

itus and cyber security policy requires

itus and cyber security policy requires
all system users to immediately report

all system users to immediately report

all system users to immediately report
unauthorized access capability

unauthorized access capability

unauthorized access capability
so if you are struggling trying to

so if you are struggling trying to

so if you are struggling trying to
figure this stuff out or

figure this stuff out or

figure this stuff out or
if you just need extra bandwidth okay

if you just need extra bandwidth okay

if you just need extra bandwidth okay
we can help because we work with defense

we can help because we work with defense

we can help because we work with defense
contractors just like you who've had

contractors just like you who've had

contractors just like you who've had
this DeForest nist itar cmmc compliance

this DeForest nist itar cmmc compliance

this DeForest nist itar cmmc compliance
stuff dropped in their laps like a

stuff dropped in their laps like a

stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day we teach you how

seagull on a sunny day we teach you how

seagull on a sunny day we teach you how
to level up and be a proper on-call

to level up and be a proper on-call

to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps great areas and getting

eliminating gaps great areas and getting

eliminating gaps great areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret

leverage compliance as your secret

leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you looking for more help getting

do for you looking for more help getting

do for you looking for more help getting
compliant our compliance experts are

compliant our compliance experts are

compliant our compliance experts are
always on call for you visit cmmc

always on call for you visit cmmc

always on call for you visit cmmc
complianceeekers.com or check out the

complianceeekers.com or check out the

complianceeekers.com or check out the
bio below for links to get help right

bio below for links to get help right

bio below for links to get help right
now if you love the content we're

now if you love the content we're

now if you love the content we're
putting out here for you help us out

putting out here for you help us out

putting out here for you help us out
with a big thumbs up on that like button

with a big thumbs up on that like button

with a big thumbs up on that like button
or even better smash the Subscribe

or even better smash the Subscribe

or even better smash the Subscribe
button to get the latest compliance

button to get the latest compliance

button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as your compliance nerds

content as soon as your compliance nerds

content as soon as your compliance nerds
roll it out until the next compliance

roll it out until the next compliance

roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out

tip my friends stay safe and secure out

tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below

there and hit us in the comments below

there and hit us in the comments below
let us know what you'd like to know more

let us know what you'd like to know more

let us know what you'd like to know more
about when it comes to information

about when it comes to information

about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you

security and compliance and I'll see you

security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one

on the next one

on the next one
foreign

foreign

foreign