Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike for your here

hey everybody it's Mike for your here

hey everybody it's Mike for your here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmccontrol

au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit

au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit

au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit
logging functionality to a subset of

logging functionality to a subset of

logging functionality to a subset of
privileged users

privileged users

privileged users

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone trying to understand all this cmfc

alone trying to understand all this cmfc

alone trying to understand all this cmfc
dfars and nist SP 800171 compliance

dfars and nist SP 800171 compliance

dfars and nist SP 800171 compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I got great news for you

workload well I got great news for you

workload well I got great news for you
you found your home here at on-call

you found your home here at on-call

you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions we can help you

compliance Solutions we can help you

compliance Solutions we can help you
transform into your company's on-call

transform into your company's on-call

transform into your company's on-call
compliance hero and learn some new dad

compliance hero and learn some new dad

compliance hero and learn some new dad
jokes let's jump into it so in cmmc

jokes let's jump into it so in cmmc

jokes let's jump into it so in cmmc
control

control

control
au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit

au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit

au.l2-3.3.9 limit management of audit
logging functionality to a subset of

logging functionality to a subset of

logging functionality to a subset of
privileged users this control is all

privileged users this control is all

privileged users this control is all
about limiting access to only those

about limiting access to only those

about limiting access to only those
people who really need it again there's

people who really need it again there's

people who really need it again there's
a recurring theme throughout nist sp800

a recurring theme throughout nist sp800

a recurring theme throughout nist sp800
171 it's basically all about making sure

171 it's basically all about making sure

171 it's basically all about making sure
that people only have access to what

that people only have access to what

that people only have access to what
they actually need access to and if they

they actually need access to and if they

they actually need access to and if they
don't have access to anything else so as

don't have access to anything else so as

don't have access to anything else so as
they say too many chefs in the kitchen

they say too many chefs in the kitchen

they say too many chefs in the kitchen
doesn't make for a better tasting cake

doesn't make for a better tasting cake

doesn't make for a better tasting cake
or something so only those people who

or something so only those people who

or something so only those people who
really need to see seam information

really need to see seam information

really need to see seam information
should have access to it so let's check

should have access to it so let's check

should have access to it so let's check
out what the assessor is looking for on

out what the assessor is looking for on

out what the assessor is looking for on
this one in order to bake them a cake

this one in order to bake them a cake

this one in order to bake them a cake
they'll love to eat all right so two

they'll love to eat all right so two

they'll love to eat all right so two
things you're looking for on this one

things you're looking for on this one

things you're looking for on this one
number one determine if a subset of

number one determine if a subset of

number one determine if a subset of
privileged users are granted access to

privileged users are granted access to

privileged users are granted access to
manage audit logging functionality and

manage audit logging functionality and

manage audit logging functionality and
make sure it's defined okay so uh if we

make sure it's defined okay so uh if we

make sure it's defined okay so uh if we
were to give a sample answer we would

were to give a sample answer we would

were to give a sample answer we would
say something like uh Hey look it's

say something like uh Hey look it's

say something like uh Hey look it's
implemented because the seam solution is

implemented because the seam solution is

implemented because the seam solution is
only accessible by specific authorized

only accessible by specific authorized

only accessible by specific authorized
seam administrative users so if you had

seam administrative users so if you had

seam administrative users so if you had
a standalone steam system that might be

a standalone steam system that might be

a standalone steam system that might be
an answer if you had active directory

an answer if you had active directory

an answer if you had active directory
maybe you had some kind of a you know

maybe you had some kind of a you know

maybe you had some kind of a you know
accessible through domain credentials

accessible through domain credentials

accessible through domain credentials
you might say only this the people in

you might say only this the people in

you might say only this the people in
this certain OU have access to get to

this certain OU have access to get to

this certain OU have access to get to
the seam unit but one way or another you

the seam unit but one way or another you

the seam unit but one way or another you
have to actually determine if the subset

have to actually determine if the subset

have to actually determine if the subset
is defined so who are those people

is defined so who are those people

is defined so who are those people
that's what they're looking for now

that's what they're looking for now

that's what they're looking for now
assessment Point number two determine if

assessment Point number two determine if

assessment Point number two determine if
management of audit logging

management of audit logging

management of audit logging
functionality is limited to the defined

functionality is limited to the defined

functionality is limited to the defined
a subset of privileged users so in other

a subset of privileged users so in other

a subset of privileged users so in other
words

words

words
you have to determine if the actual

you have to determine if the actual

you have to determine if the actual
management of the functionality right so

management of the functionality right so

management of the functionality right so
the settings configurations things like

the settings configurations things like

the settings configurations things like
that can only a certain subset of those

that can only a certain subset of those

that can only a certain subset of those
people see the settings configuration

people see the settings configuration

people see the settings configuration
Etc so again there's the management of

Etc so again there's the management of

Etc so again there's the management of
audit logging functionality then there's

audit logging functionality then there's

audit logging functionality then there's
actually the management of uh there's

actually the management of uh there's

actually the management of uh there's
there's the management audit logging

there's the management audit logging

there's the management audit logging
function I was limited to Define subset

function I was limited to Define subset

function I was limited to Define subset
of proposal users so who can actually

of proposal users so who can actually

of proposal users so who can actually
change settings and things like that all

change settings and things like that all

change settings and things like that all
right now if I was to give a sample

right now if I was to give a sample

right now if I was to give a sample
that's that second piece it's really the

that's that second piece it's really the

that's that second piece it's really the
same answer as the first piece right

same answer as the first piece right

same answer as the first piece right
it's just it's more of the same you're

it's just it's more of the same you're

it's just it's more of the same you're
limiting the people who actually have

limiting the people who actually have

limiting the people who actually have
access to it so again we'd say

access to it so again we'd say

access to it so again we'd say
implemented the same solution is only

implemented the same solution is only

implemented the same solution is only
accessible by specific authorized team

accessible by specific authorized team

accessible by specific authorized team
administrative users and again if you

administrative users and again if you

administrative users and again if you
had an assessor on your hands you'd

had an assessor on your hands you'd

had an assessor on your hands you'd
probably just have them look over your

probably just have them look over your

probably just have them look over your
shoulder log into your seam system and

shoulder log into your seam system and

shoulder log into your seam system and
show them all the cool settings how the

show them all the cool settings how the

show them all the cool settings how the
magic happens all right now if you're

magic happens all right now if you're

magic happens all right now if you're
looking for more magic to happen guess

looking for more magic to happen guess

looking for more magic to happen guess
what you're in the right place because

what you're in the right place because

what you're in the right place because
in on call we work with defense

in on call we work with defense

in on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had
this defars nist itar and cmmc compliant

this defars nist itar and cmmc compliant

this defars nist itar and cmmc compliant
stuff dropped in their laps like a

stuff dropped in their laps like a

stuff dropped in their laps like a
seagull on a sunny day and we teach you

seagull on a sunny day and we teach you

seagull on a sunny day and we teach you
how to level up and be a proper on-call

how to level up and be a proper on-call

how to level up and be a proper on-call
compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company

compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas getting this

eliminating gaps gray areas getting this

eliminating gaps gray areas getting this
solved all while showing you how to

solved all while showing you how to

solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret

leverage compliance is your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and if you're looking for

do for you and if you're looking for

do for you and if you're looking for
more help getting compliant our

more help getting compliant our

more help getting compliant our
compliance experts are always on call

compliance experts are always on call

compliance experts are always on call
for you visit cmmc compliance

for you visit cmmc compliance

for you visit cmmc compliance
secrets.com or check out the bio below

secrets.com or check out the bio below

secrets.com or check out the bio below
for links to get help right now if you

for links to get help right now if you

for links to get help right now if you
love the content we're putting out here

love the content we're putting out here

love the content we're putting out here
for you help us out with a big thumbs up

for you help us out with a big thumbs up

for you help us out with a big thumbs up
on that like button or even better you

on that like button or even better you

on that like button or even better you
guessed it baby smash that subscribe

guessed it baby smash that subscribe

guessed it baby smash that subscribe
button to get the latest compliance

button to get the latest compliance

button to get the latest compliance
content as soon as our compliance errors

content as soon as our compliance errors

content as soon as our compliance errors
roll it out until the next compliance

roll it out until the next compliance

roll it out until the next compliance
tip my friends stay safe and secure out

tip my friends stay safe and secure out

tip my friends stay safe and secure out
there and hit us in the comments below

there and hit us in the comments below

there and hit us in the comments below
to let us know what you'd like to know

to let us know what you'd like to know

to let us know what you'd like to know
more about when it comes to information

more about when it comes to information

more about when it comes to information
security and compliance and I'll see you

security and compliance and I'll see you

security and compliance and I'll see you
on the next one

on the next one

on the next one

foreign

foreign

foreign