Kind: captions
Language: en

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here

hey everybody it's Mike frieder here
with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and

with on-call compliance Solutions and
I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of

I'm back with another compliance tip of
the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about

the week this week we're talking about
cmmc control AC dot

cmmc control AC dot

cmmc control AC dot
l1-3.1.1 limits system access to

l1-3.1.1 limits system access to

l1-3.1.1 limits system access to
authorized users processes acting on

authorized users processes acting on

authorized users processes acting on
behalf of authorized users and devices

behalf of authorized users and devices

behalf of authorized users and devices
including other systems

including other systems

including other systems

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor

so hey if you're a defense contractor
who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and

who's feeling overwhelmed tired and
alone try to understand all of this

alone try to understand all of this

alone try to understand all of this
dfar's nist SP 10171 and cmmc compliance

dfar's nist SP 10171 and cmmc compliance

dfar's nist SP 10171 and cmmc compliance
stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal

stuff on top of an already colossal
workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for

workload well I've got great news for
you you found your home here at on-call

you you found your home here at on-call

you you found your home here at on-call
compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help

compliance Solutions where we can help
you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's

you transform into your company's
on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into

on-call compliance Hero Let's jump into
it so here we here we go it's the very

it so here we here we go it's the very

it so here we here we go it's the very
first control you're looking at in cmmc

first control you're looking at in cmmc

first control you're looking at in cmmc
all right uh level level one level two

all right uh level level one level two

all right uh level level one level two
and let me tell you they don't want to

and let me tell you they don't want to

and let me tell you they don't want to
make life easy on you here with the

make life easy on you here with the

make life easy on you here with the
first control it's a doozy but today I'm

first control it's a doozy but today I'm

first control it's a doozy but today I'm
going to walk you through uh what this

going to walk you through uh what this

going to walk you through uh what this
is all about and what are the key

is all about and what are the key

is all about and what are the key
assessment points an assessor will use

assessment points an assessor will use

assessment points an assessor will use
to determine if you have met or not met

to determine if you have met or not met

to determine if you have met or not met
the requirements for this control and

the requirements for this control and

the requirements for this control and
then stay tuned because I'm going to

then stay tuned because I'm going to

then stay tuned because I'm going to
give you actual sample answers for each

give you actual sample answers for each

give you actual sample answers for each
assessment requirement Point by

assessment requirement Point by

assessment requirement Point by
assessment Point here we go okay so the

assessment Point here we go okay so the

assessment Point here we go okay so the
controlling question today is cmmc

controlling question today is cmmc

controlling question today is cmmc
control a

control a

control a
ac.l1-3.1.1 against first control really

ac.l1-3.1.1 against first control really

ac.l1-3.1.1 against first control really
you'll tackle says limit system access

you'll tackle says limit system access

you'll tackle says limit system access
to authorized users process is acting on

to authorized users process is acting on

to authorized users process is acting on
behalf of authorized users and devices

behalf of authorized users and devices

behalf of authorized users and devices
including other systems so if we're

including other systems so if we're

including other systems so if we're
actually looking at what the assessment

actually looking at what the assessment

actually looking at what the assessment
points are okay then what we find out is

points are okay then what we find out is

points are okay then what we find out is
the first thing you're looking for you

the first thing you're looking for you

the first thing you're looking for you
know that an assessor would look for is

know that an assessor would look for is

know that an assessor would look for is
they're going to say hey did they

they're going to say hey did they

they're going to say hey did they
determine if authorized users are

determine if authorized users are

determine if authorized users are
actually identified uh and you know if

actually identified uh and you know if

actually identified uh and you know if
we were to sort of think about that

we were to sort of think about that

we were to sort of think about that
maybe give a sample answer we'd say hey

maybe give a sample answer we'd say hey

maybe give a sample answer we'd say hey
authorized users are identified via

authorized users are identified via

authorized users are identified via
maybe active directory or a user login

maybe active directory or a user login

maybe active directory or a user login
system which is unique to the user right

system which is unique to the user right

system which is unique to the user right
everybody gets their own user ID or

everybody gets their own user ID or

everybody gets their own user ID or
unique identifier right you'll hear a

unique identifier right you'll hear a

unique identifier right you'll hear a
unique identifier later in these

unique identifier later in these

unique identifier later in these
compliance standards

compliance standards

compliance standards
uh and again that's kind of how we would

uh and again that's kind of how we would

uh and again that's kind of how we would
we would give a sample to that answer uh

we would give a sample to that answer uh

we would give a sample to that answer uh
assessment Point number two determine if

assessment Point number two determine if

assessment Point number two determine if
processes acting on behalf of authorized

processes acting on behalf of authorized

processes acting on behalf of authorized
users are identified

users are identified

users are identified
uh maybe we give a sample answer like

uh maybe we give a sample answer like

uh maybe we give a sample answer like
this all processes are identified via

this all processes are identified via

this all processes are identified via
system logs by the user executing that

system logs by the user executing that

system logs by the user executing that
process right because again if you look

process right because again if you look

process right because again if you look
in system logs it's always going to have

in system logs it's always going to have

in system logs it's always going to have
a username or a system username on who

a username or a system username on who

a username or a system username on who
it is that that executed that process

it is that that executed that process

it is that that executed that process
uh assessment Point number three

uh assessment Point number three

uh assessment Point number three
determinive devices including other

determinive devices including other

determinive devices including other
systems authorized to connect to the

systems authorized to connect to the

systems authorized to connect to the
system are identified so hey are the

system are identified so hey are the

system are identified so hey are the
devices identified uh again if I was

devices identified uh again if I was

devices identified uh again if I was
going to give you a sample answer I'd

going to give you a sample answer I'd

going to give you a sample answer I'd
say hey all devices accessing cui are

say hey all devices accessing cui are

say hey all devices accessing cui are
identified in I don't know let's say

identified in I don't know let's say

identified in I don't know let's say
active directory uh and of course system

active directory uh and of course system

active directory uh and of course system
log files right your system log is going

log files right your system log is going

log files right your system log is going
to tell you what device executed and

to tell you what device executed and

to tell you what device executed and
it's therefore you got some device

it's therefore you got some device

it's therefore you got some device
identification

identification

identification
uh the next assessment point they're

uh the next assessment point they're

uh the next assessment point they're
looking for is determine if system

looking for is determine if system

looking for is determine if system
access is limited to authorized users so

access is limited to authorized users so

access is limited to authorized users so
uh in this one we give a little

uh in this one we give a little

uh in this one we give a little
different kind of answer we're going to

different kind of answer we're going to

different kind of answer we're going to
say hey you know what per group policy

say hey you know what per group policy

say hey you know what per group policy
only authorize users within the

only authorize users within the

only authorize users within the
environment are those users uh belonging

environment are those users uh belonging

environment are those users uh belonging
to the cui handling organizational use

to the cui handling organizational use

to the cui handling organizational use
so only those users who belong to a

so only those users who belong to a

so only those users who belong to a
special group of users who are cleared

special group of users who are cleared

special group of users who are cleared
this handle cui are authorized to access

this handle cui are authorized to access

this handle cui are authorized to access
systems containing cui right so again

systems containing cui right so again

systems containing cui right so again
that's how we determine that it's

that's how we determine that it's

that's how we determine that it's
limited we limit it to a group of users

limited we limit it to a group of users

limited we limit it to a group of users
uh and again we clearly demonstrate that

uh and again we clearly demonstrate that

uh and again we clearly demonstrate that
through one of our systems or you know

through one of our systems or you know

through one of our systems or you know
again active directories got lots of

again active directories got lots of

again active directories got lots of
ways to sort of delineate down uh and

ways to sort of delineate down uh and

ways to sort of delineate down uh and
again you might have so maybe a regular

again you might have so maybe a regular

again you might have so maybe a regular
user administrative user and a cui

user administrative user and a cui

user administrative user and a cui
handling user and whatever the system

handling user and whatever the system

handling user and whatever the system
may be all right assessment Point number

may be all right assessment Point number

may be all right assessment Point number
one two three four and five determine if

one two three four and five determine if

one two three four and five determine if
system access is limited to processes

system access is limited to processes

system access is limited to processes
acting on behalf of authorized users uh

acting on behalf of authorized users uh

acting on behalf of authorized users uh
system access so yeah if I was gonna

system access so yeah if I was gonna

system access so yeah if I was gonna
give a sample answer I'd say system

give a sample answer I'd say system

give a sample answer I'd say system
access is restricted to only those users

access is restricted to only those users

access is restricted to only those users
and processes executed by those

and processes executed by those

and processes executed by those
authorized users which are allowed based

authorized users which are allowed based

authorized users which are allowed based
on group policy or maybe it's

on group policy or maybe it's

on group policy or maybe it's
system-wide policy or Access Control

system-wide policy or Access Control

system-wide policy or Access Control
list but they have to be limited somehow

list but they have to be limited somehow

list but they have to be limited somehow
you got to name what that policy is uh

you got to name what that policy is uh

you got to name what that policy is uh
and again that would be a good sample

and again that would be a good sample

and again that would be a good sample
answer and final one on this particular

answer and final one on this particular

answer and final one on this particular
control

control

control
determine if system access is limited to

determine if system access is limited to

determine if system access is limited to
authorized devices in other words do you

authorized devices in other words do you

authorized devices in other words do you
have a way to make sure that only the

have a way to make sure that only the

have a way to make sure that only the
devices you're authorizing can actually

devices you're authorizing can actually

devices you're authorizing can actually
access that information in this

access that information in this

access that information in this
particular case I'll just kind of give

particular case I'll just kind of give

particular case I'll just kind of give
you a sample answer and again this may

you a sample answer and again this may

you a sample answer and again this may
not be uh you know something that'll

not be uh you know something that'll

not be uh you know something that'll
work for you but again it's just a

work for you but again it's just a

work for you but again it's just a
sample answer we might say hey you know

sample answer we might say hey you know

sample answer we might say hey you know
what the IT department is only is is the

what the IT department is only is is the

what the IT department is only is is the
only issuing authority for devices which

only issuing authority for devices which

only issuing authority for devices which
are authorized to sign into systems like

are authorized to sign into systems like

are authorized to sign into systems like
maybe a domain right only only the sys

maybe a domain right only only the sys

maybe a domain right only only the sys
admin can actually sign you into the

admin can actually sign you into the

admin can actually sign you into the
domain those devices capable of

domain those devices capable of

domain those devices capable of
accessing cui are tokenized via

accessing cui are tokenized via

accessing cui are tokenized via
multi-factor authentication so again

multi-factor authentication so again

multi-factor authentication so again
great examples like Windows hello it

great examples like Windows hello it

great examples like Windows hello it
gives you a unique token once you've

gives you a unique token once you've

gives you a unique token once you've
successfully signed in under the right

successfully signed in under the right

successfully signed in under the right
user sort of settings and again it

user sort of settings and again it

user sort of settings and again it
allows you to have actual multi-factor

allows you to have actual multi-factor

allows you to have actual multi-factor
authentication in place as well and

authentication in place as well and

authentication in place as well and
again this is unique to only those

again this is unique to only those

again this is unique to only those
authorized devices only those authorized

authorized devices only those authorized

authorized devices only those authorized
devices and maybe they're part of a

devices and maybe they're part of a

devices and maybe they're part of a
domain maybe they're not but only those

domain maybe they're not but only those

domain maybe they're not but only those
devices which are tokenized using an MFA

devices which are tokenized using an MFA

devices which are tokenized using an MFA
token would actually be allowed to

token would actually be allowed to

token would actually be allowed to
access that data all right so first

access that data all right so first

access that data all right so first
control congratulations it's out of the

control congratulations it's out of the

control congratulations it's out of the
way right if you've got specific

way right if you've got specific

way right if you've got specific
questions here's the good news because

questions here's the good news because

questions here's the good news because
at on call we work with defense

at on call we work with defense

at on call we work with defense
contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had

contractors just like you who have had
this D fars nist itar and cmmc

this D fars nist itar and cmmc

this D fars nist itar and cmmc
compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps

compliance stuff dropped in their laps
like a seagull on a sunny day we teach

like a seagull on a sunny day we teach

like a seagull on a sunny day we teach
you how to level up and be a proper

you how to level up and be a proper

you how to level up and be a proper
on-call compliance hero for your company

on-call compliance hero for your company

on-call compliance hero for your company
eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting

eliminating gaps gray areas and getting
this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to

this solved all while showing you how to
leverage compliance as your secret

leverage compliance as your secret

leverage compliance as your secret
weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with

weapon to land more Defense work with
higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what

higher profit margins now that's what
becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can

becoming an on-call compliance hero can
do for you and hey if you're looking for

do for you and hey if you're looking for

do for you and hey if you're looking for
more information on or help getting

more information on or help getting

more information on or help getting
compliant all right our compliance

compliant all right our compliance

compliant all right our compliance
experts are always on call for you you

experts are always on call for you you

experts are always on call for you you
can visit cmmc complianceecrets.com or

can visit cmmc complianceecrets.com or

can visit cmmc complianceecrets.com or
check out the bio below for links to get

check out the bio below for links to get

check out the bio below for links to get
to get help right now if you love the

to get help right now if you love the

to get help right now if you love the
content we're putting out for you help

content we're putting out for you help

content we're putting out for you help
us out with a big thumbs up on that like

us out with a big thumbs up on that like

us out with a big thumbs up on that like
button or even better smash that

button or even better smash that

button or even better smash that
subscribe button and get the latest

subscribe button and get the latest

subscribe button and get the latest
compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our

compliance content as soon as our
compliance centers roll it out until the

compliance centers roll it out until the

compliance centers roll it out until the
next compliance tip my friends stay safe

next compliance tip my friends stay safe

next compliance tip my friends stay safe
and secure out there and hit us in the

and secure out there and hit us in the

and secure out there and hit us in the
comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd

comments below to let us know what you'd
like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to

like to know more about when it comes to
information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and

information security and compliance and
I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

I'll see you on the next one

foreign

foreign

foreign
anyway